19/11/2025, 18:51 - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. Only people in this chat can read, listen to, or share them. Learn more.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: *LOADING*


🔥❄️ HEART OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

PROLOGUE.

★

Luminaria is a world beyond humans, a world for cruel people with magic. Heartless beings who live on power and feed insatiably on it. 

They stomp on the weak without mercy, shed their blood with celebratory grins.

Citizens of Luminaria are forbidden from having affairs with humans. 

If such happens and a pregnancy occurs between a Luminarian and a human, then the child is born powerless and weak and automatically becomes a slave for sale in The Dark Room while the parents gets executed.

Shayla grew up in one of the coldest slave cages of The Dark Room. Born of a human father and a Luminarian mother, her fate has been sealed since birth—destined to be a slave.

Now in Luminaria, there are two ruling families. 

The Millions—main owners of the city. They control the Grand Palace and are the most powerful beings existing. Pride is their armor, wickednes is their food, richness is their sign, and that even showed through their name. MILLIONS.

The Spectres—second owners of the city. They were the original owners, but they weren't as powerful. They completely lose their powers at midnight every night.

For this reason, The Millions family snatched the city from them, and they were made second-in-command.

The more slave a family has, the more their status elevate, and that's why both families are the major visitors of The Dark Room monthly to compete at the auctions.

Shayla's sale day finally came,, her cage was dragged out for auction in the Dark Room.

She watched the two families fight over her price, bidding hatefully with their bid-paddles, bloody voices and brutal utterances.

For the first time in years, The Spectres won over The Millions in the auction, but just as Shayla was about to get handed over to the Spectres, there was a turnaround.

A turnaround which reshaped her life—for worse, flinging her into the abyssal depth of darkness.

Are you curious? I know you are.

C'mon, let's dive in.

Don't dare miss out!

**

 🔥❄️HEART OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

Chapter 1&2.

Reply All Comments, Drop Urs, Like and Share Massively.

★

[Luminaria Grand Palace]

The palace is a towering paradise, dominating the city like a world apart. It's silhouette cut against the skyline of glass towers and neon veins. Though the city bursted with modern life, the palace seems untouched by time. It's like an empire within an empire.

It's in two parts, and this particular part is the East, meant for the High Royals—The Millions Family.

The main castle is high and dark with it's obsidian glass, blackened steel and skyscraper-like spires which are clawing to the clouds, their edges sharp like blades.

Besides that, there are several exclusive mansions for clansmen and extended family of the high royals.

There are quarters for maids, and small Wings for wretched slaves, so the palace is extremely full and is always alive every hour.

In the middle of the evasive palace, there's a luxuriously tall tower. "Heartless Tower" is written in big irregular letters in front of it.

Luxury won't be enough to describe the richness of this place.

Jude stood in the archery field at the back of the main castle, sipping from a cup of warm water which was brought for him by a maid.

The maid held a red tray, and her head is down as Jude sipped in large gulps, his throat bobbing. Thin lines of water rode down his flawless skin.

He's drinking with an hand, but he held a arrow and bow with the other.

After drinking, he dropped the cup back on the tray a little too rough, and the tray broke into two, together with the cup.

"Just dispose 'em off" He shrugged.

"Yes, Grand Prince." The woman took out a napkin, gently wiping the water on his throat with it before rushing out of the field.

Jude readjusted his stand in front of the dartboard, his long cross earrings dangling. The strands of hair falling over his eyes look overly attractive.

He's Jude Millions, first son of the Millions Royal Family.

"All that arrogance, and your powers are still low. Breaking a tray and cup means nothing, it just shows how useless you actually are." a cold, sad voice spoke behind, causing Jude to turn with a smirk, and it's exactly who he expected.

Sadie Millions, the second child of the Millions Royal Family.

She's a twin though, so it's safe to say she and her twin brother—Soren, are the second borns, and they have enough venom in them than snakes.

They're both crueller than the devil, and Jude might be their senior brother, but in this family, things just work differently.

Power buys respect, not age.

Sadie picked up a arrow and bow too,  her face holding nothing but cruelty as she stood beside Jude.

Her hair is dark in her neat bun, she's wearing sleek leather palazzo pants, black heels and a cropped blouse. She looks like she birthed evil herself as her lips are also black.

"You really wanna do this, little sister? We all you and Soren are useless without each other." Jude mocked, smiling.

Sadie shut her eyes, easily mind-linking with Soren...

"Get your rotten ass here, Soren!" She harshly ordered, but nothing came.

Just the sound of unstopping water splashes and the shower, meaning Soren is in the bathroom.

Sadie's eyes opened, a calm breath ran out of her nostrils.

"I'll go first," she muttered resolutely, setting her arrow into the bow.

"Without Soren? Are you sure?" Jude snickered hard.

Sadie went silent, focusing on her target — the dartboard.

With one unrelenting pull, she released the arrow. It whistled and flew to the dartboard violently, hitting the middle so hard.

She raised her chin proudly at Jude who was silent too as he reset his arrow in his bow.

Sadie stood behind him, watching darkly as Jude released his arrow.

It hit the middle of the dartboard, pushing away Sadie's arrow and splitting the board into two.

"Fûck" Sadie muttered shockingly.

Jude bursted into laughter.

"Told ya, little sister. You should have known your place. You're useless without Soren." 

"I hate it when you laugh, Jude." Soren's hard voice broke into the field as he strolled inside, twinning with his leather pants and jacket.

His face is just as round and cold as Sadie's. He's slightly taller than her though, but Sadie wouldn't have it, and that's why she's always on heels.

"Why the hell are you just coming!! You know how much I hate losing!!" Sadie yelled angrily at him.

"I was in the bathroom! You don't expect me to come running! You heard water splashes when you mind-linked! Didn't you?" He glared, but she was already at his face.

"You could have ran out nakedly and blind the maids who'd dare look at you! Jude won! He fuckin won!" 

Soren's face twisted into something gravely, and his stare shot to Jude who's still laughing at the two.

His laughter refused to stop—it's not stopping anytime soon, and that angered the twins so much.

They looked at each other, their eyes sharing faint glows before they faced Jude again, stretching their hands to him together.

The arrows in the weapons bag lifted on their own, and before Jude could retaliate or switch spots, the arrows already pierced his body.

There are 10 arrows, and they all went lodged inside his chest, coming out at his back.

His blood was raining in a matter of seconds, and he crumbled on his knees. He opened his mouth to curse, but it was blood instead.

"Fool" the twins smirked, leaving the field and returning to the castle.

The maids on their way had to run and hide, and some went gummed to the wall with their heads painfully bowed in fear as they walked across.

"I never expected this power competition to stretch to the point of piercing each other with arrows." a authoritative female voice stopped them when they got to the base of the gold stair railings.

In sync, they looked up, and there they are... their parents.

The rulers of this city.

Zeke Millions and Azura Millions—his wife.

Both are thousands of years old, but they still look as young as hell, their dark hairs is a testament to that.

Azura is in a long red silk dress, paired with black gloves while Zeke is in a equally red suit, both holding cups of red wine firmly.

They're looking down at the twins with unblinking eyes of disciplinarians.

"Jude started it, mother!" Sadie glared up venomously.

"I did nothing to warrant that treatment! All I did was defeat her!" Jude rushed in, body still bloody and arrows still stuck inside.

The pains are gone, he only has to get rid of the arrows and heal himself right now.

"You fuckin laughed!" Soren glared.

"So it's a sin to laugh after defeating you losers who can't do shit without each other?" Jude glared back.

"Yes! It's a grave sin! Better watch your laughter from now on!" Sadie fired.

"Now I see why you both hate Ryker to the core. He'd break you two to pieces, tendons by tendons without even lifting a finger!" Jude snapped.

"Don't you dare!!!" Soren yelled.

"Don't you dare compare us to that bastard!" Sadie completed the statement.

"I command this noise to go down, now!" Zeke ordered from the staircase.

"Shut up!!" The twins yelled at him together.

Dead silence fell in the castle immediately, and the twins calmed after realizing what they just did.

"That wasn't intentional," Soren muttered.

"Intentional or not, there's a punishment for every cross of boundary." Azura smiled, sipping from her wine cup.

Zeke called in the castle funding manager, and the man came running inside.

"Grand Supreme." He bowed.

"Lock the family joint account tonight, and it's not to be opened till daybreak." Zeke ordered.

"What!" The twins gasped as the manager ran out to carry out the order.

Jude smiled.

"Tonight is the Dark Rook auction, locking the joint account means we'll be losing the slave to the low Spectres Family!" Sadie said restlessly.

"Exactly my point. You both have to experience losing for once, so next time, you know it's not a good deal shouting at me." Zeke finalized.

"Father, you do realize it's been years since the Spectres last won against us, right? If it happens again tonight, I and Sadie would be mocked at the Ballet School!" Soren desperately hit the staircase.

"Son, you don't get it, do you?" Azura dropped her wine cup for a maid. "That's the point—the mockery."

She left with Zeke, but their commanding presence still remained in the hall as the twins faced Jude.

"Good riddance" Jude scoffed, removing one of the arrows from his stomach before going up.

The twins stood undecided for a minute at the hall, then they both broke into a run, up the staircase.

They went to their conjoined room.

"How much money do we have left in our personal safe?" Sadie asked.

"About five billion?" Soren's eyes threw the personal safe door open, and they entered the small room in the middle of their rooms.

There are wooden shelves inside, and the shelves contain bundles of cash in calculated sums, stacked up.

They got four bags, throwing the cash bundles inside and counting at the same time.

By the time they got done, the cash is exactly 4.9 billion.

"Not enough, we're surely losing at the auction tonight, I can't think! You mean to tell me those dogs from the lowly Spectres Family will mock tomorrow?" Sadie punched the wall, cracking that spot, but her knuckles stayed fine.

"There's a way, though." Soren talked, and Sadie flicked her eyes to him, getting it instantly.

"The bastard has to come to the auction, he's the only one in this family who manages his wealth without the joint account." Soren muttered.

"He left his tower with his lackeys since two days ago and hasn't returned. Where could he be?" Sadie held her forehead.

"We can always call him back with his weakness" Soren smiled, wickedly.

Sadie's face lit up with a deadlier smile, twinning with him.

They left the room with sharp steps, Sadie's heels clicking and Soren's boots thudding, crossing rooms till they arrived at the staircase.

They didn't bother descending, they just jumped, landing down easily. They entered the castle kitchen, meeting the old head of chefs with his daughter Xena, both eating breakfast on the kitchen island.

Sadie's nails dug into Xena's hair as she grabbed her, tightly.

The old chef stood, dropping his fork, but before he could defend his daughter, Soren picked the fork and stabbed his palm with it, literally nailing it to the table.

The old chef cried out, the custard and pie in his mouth pouring to his chest.

"Xena!" He shouted.

"Father!" Xena cried. That was the only sound she could make before the evil twins dragged her out of the wide wealthy kitchen.

"Xena!!" The old chef's crying voice still echoed behind them till they arrived at the pool room.

Xena was thrown to her knees, and she straightened up as the twins towered in front of her. Her knees sting so much.

"Please... please I did nothing wrong." She shook her head.

Sadie threw a immediate deafening slap at her face, and she fell, rolling fast into the pool.

The twins bursted into a fit of laughter, watching her struggle since she can't swim.

"Hel...p...ah...ugh...hel...p!!"

Their laughter increased, and Sadie rested her elbow on Soren's shoulder.

"Isn't she so fuckin pretty like this?"

"Tell me about it," the guy nodded.

"Let's get to business then," Sadie pulled out her phone, hissing out.

"The fact that we use human technology pisses me off."

She dialled 'bastard' on her phone, and it rang for two long times before the line connected.

"Hello, bastard. Your sister is chilling in the pool, and like you know...she can't swim." She said, blowing air proudly on her fingers.

"She won't die cos her lifeline is hidden, but if she drinks too much water from this poisoned pool, then she'd live with sickness for the rest of her life. You should come back home wherever you are, meet us at the Dark Rook auction and bring as much cash as you have along. Otherwise, sickness is knocking at your sister's door." She continued.

Nothing still came from the other end, so she hung up.

"You think he'd come?" Soren muttered.

Sadie looked at Xena who's still struggling in the pool, shrugging...

"Of course. That bastard might be bloody ice, but he loves his sister."

--

[West Palace]

This part of the palace belongs to the Low Royals—The Spectres.

And though it contains everything that the East palace has, but in smaller quantities.

Their castle is smaller, mansions for clansmen is smaller too. Their quarters for maids and Wings for slaves are even worse.

Their luxury is limited, and their slaves are 30+ while the Millions Family have 200+

Their gate is different from the East gate, and if anyone from this place makes the unforgivable mistake of using the East gate, then it's brutal punishment with acid rain.

The Spectres Family live in fear of The Millions, but at the same time, they're the only people who can contend with them as they're powerful too, just that they lose their powers at midnight every night.

It's some minutes past 7pm on the clock, and the family is sitting round the royal dinning, the soft clattering of spoons on plates and water journeying down throats filled the room as they ate in silence.

Kasia is the head of the family. She lost her husband some years ago, and that only contributed more to the weakness of the family.

She had two kids with the husband before his death though.

Winona Spectre is currently sitting beside Kasia 

She's the first child who's as brave and relentless as her mother. She's beautiful.

Blaise Spectre is sitting at the other side of Kasia.

He's the second child, a nonchalant handsome redhead.

At the opposite side of the table, there's Astor—Kasia's new husband, and Faye, his daughter.

Kasia is a powerful woman, so it was Astor who changed his surname to her own after they got married, and Faye hates that.

Astor is a soft, supportive man, but Faye is far from it.

She was rolling eyes with malice as she dropped her spoon, getting up from her chair.

"I'm full"

"Me too" Winona stood too.

Faye smiled at her. Winona is the only person she seems to like in this family.

"Dark Room will be open by 8, we've got one hour to drive there," Faye checked her wristwatch.

"We can just teleport, no one wants that driving hassle." Blaise spoke, pressing his lips with tissues.

"No one is teleporting! You know how exhausted your powers get if you try just one teleportation! We're not as powerful as the Millions, so careful. I'm not losing a child!" Kasia warned.

"You can stay home if you don't wanna go," Winona spoke.

"If I don't wanna go?" Blaise stood with a scowl.

He strolled out of the room with his hands tucked in his pockets.

"The money bags got taken to the car trunks already. Use the limo, and make sure you return before midnight." Astor said.

"Sure, new dad." Winona smiled.

"Be fine, Faye." Kasia nodded at her.

"Sure, new mum." Faye gave her a fake smile, then she left with Winona.

"Your daughter and her fake smiles, she doesn't have to pretend to like me." Kasia picked her glass of wine.

"Give her time, it's hard for Faye to like someone, and you talk as if your children are innocent too. Winona is the only one who seems to love me genuinely, Blaise is just hateful." Astor spoke across the table.

"Blaise is territorial, not hateful." Kasia raised her glass.

"Whatever you say" Astor clinked glasses with her.

"What's the use of going to the auction when The Millions will always win anyways." He relaxed.

"If we don't show up at all, The Millions will see us as cowards, and I'm not ready to add that to the list of their unending dirty names for us." Kasia sighed.

"Don't overthink, this torture from the tyrannical Millions family will soon be over." Astor assured.

"Hope so" Kasia smiled.

They stood at the same time and leaned across the table to kiss deeply.

--

[East Palace, Millions Castle~ Major Royal Bathroom]

A slow instrumental played in the large stereo disc in one side of the red bathroom, accompanied by the rippling of fresh bubbles from the excessively large tub.

The tub is so large that it almost took over the bathroom, and the white foams stayed fresh as Azura sat in it, her head slung back on the tub edge, and her eyes are closed. She's obviously enjoying the playing instrumental music, the violin.

Zeke entered the bathroom, and despite the silence in his steps, Azura's eyes opened, beholding him.

He stripped himself, entering the tub nakedly with her. He sat across her, his hard gaze falling on her breàsts.

"Many kids sucked those devilish tits, but they're still standing," He intentionally said.

"Still a slut for my body?" Azura smiled, caressing his balls with her toes underwater.

"Always" he groaned.

"And where the fûck did the bastard go to? Been a day since I last saw him. He's aware he can't be far from this castle, isn't he?" Azura smirked.

"If he's not back by tomorrow, I'm killing Xena." Zeke declared. 

Azura leaned closer, her suddenness not surprising.

"And are you really letting the lowly Spectres win the auction tonight?" She dropped her leg, her red fingernails seeming to stain the white porcelain tub body.

"Lose?" Zeke breathed hard. "Getting what they want is the twins speciality. Watch as they bring home the slave, even if it means killing everyone at the Dark Room. I trust my spawns." 

A glint of hostility flashed across his eyes as he vomited the words.

--

[Dark Room, 7:50Pm]

Crowd of royals filled the inside and outside of the room, caging cups of wine and bid-paddles in their hands as they flooded inside, ready for tonight's show.

The Dark Room could compete for one of the largest mansions in Luminaria, but calling it a Room is cos of the purpose it was built for.

For auctioning slaves—for selling forbidden breeds.

Winona led Faye and Blaise inside, and the other royal clansmen made way for them as they walked in synchrony to their spot in the midst of the toxic regality.

* The Spectres are here.

* Aww, look at Winona. I can't get over her beauty. Never.

* Isn't Faye prettier?

* Blaise's red hair and straight nose gets me always.

* Wait...the parents aren't here? It's just the children tonight? 

* Makes it more fun! Where are The Millions please?

"There they are!" A man pointed at the long staircase rail.

Sadie, Soren and Jude stood there, looking as imposing and majestic as ever with their wine cups and black suits. Jude has no plans to partake in the bidding, he's just here to laugh when the twins lose tonight.

No one is standing around them. Everyone stood at least five feet away, and that's how it's done.

Sadie and Soren have that degrading looks on their faces as they stared at the Spectres at the ground floor.

No one. Not even a single person would dare to comment about them. Everybody in this city knows about the evil twins hot temper, so it's better to not to mess with the spawns.

Everyone stood and bowed to them...

"Greetings, Grand Princes and Princess!!"

"Sadie became more arrogant," Winona muttered from the ground floor, rage crawling into her head.

"Suppress your rage, you can't start a fight right now. Do not stir trouble."  Blaise held her.

"That's right, Winona. We came to bid, not fight." Faye added.

Winona calmed, and the room git pregnant with surprised gasps when the auction committee came in with some guards.

The guards are the ones carrying the cage containing the slave that's for sale tonight, and she's the main reason for the gasps.

There's a round chain on her neck that looks damn heavy. The chains are cuffed on her wrists and ankles too. Her hair is tangled and twisted, and her skirt is brown—dirty. Her blouse is tattered, and she looks tiny and slim as a result of underfeeding.

But she's really beautiful with her full lips and soft brown eyes.

Winona's eyes are wide like the eyes of every other royal in the room.

Even Jude... He's staring too, his hand grabbing the rail edge tight.

"Love at first sight?" Soren spoke beside him, 

"Mind your business, Soren." Jude huffed, then he returned his interested eyes to the slave.

Sadie is busy looking at Winona, and there's a sly smile on her lips.

"That bîtch has probably fallen." 

"What do you mean?" Soren inched closer.

"Winona, look how she's staring at the slave like she wants to eat her. Have you ever seen her fancying any man?" Sadie drank all her wine.

"You're saying... Winona Spectre is into girls?" Soren snickered.

"That bîtch is les, and she probably wants the slave more than ever, judging by the way she's devouring her with her eyes." Sadie cleared.

"More reason to go hard on this auction. The bastard should better show up." Soren muttered.

The slave cage was set down in front of the room, and the poor slave knelt inside, holding the iron bars and staring hopelessly at the sea of wicked people, waiting to buy her.

The auction committee stood in front of the cage, covering her from the crowd at first.

"No time to waste, let's start the auction, and as usual, the highest bidder gets the slave. Her name's Shayla" Their chief declared.

"One billion!" Jude started, raising his bid-paddle.

The twins turned to him immediately, surprised that he's bidding.

Isn't he here to mock?

"1.5 billion!" Winona shouted from the ground floor.

"2.5 billion!" Sadie raised her paddle.

"3.5!" Winona shouted.

Silence.

There was silence in the room afterwards, and the committee are starting to wonder what's going on.

No one has started bidding with billions before, it always started from a million, but tonight is different.

The heat resumed when Soren raised his paddle too.

"4 billion!"

"6 billion!" Winona shouted from the ground floor.

The twins hands went down, they looked at each other.

Their limit is 4.9, so they can't go higher unless the bastard comes, but he's not even anywhere around.

Sadie bit deeply into her nails, but then Jude spoke...

"10 billion!"

The twins eyes snapped back to him in obvious shock.

10? 

Jude is willing to spend 10Billion on a slave?

"15 billion!" Winona raised from the ground floor, shocking the committee again.

Faye and Blaise look shocked behind her, too. 

"Don't tell me you actually like that malnourished slave." Blaise smirked.

"20 billion!" Jude went higher.

"This is crazier than crazy," Faye muttered.

"35!" Winona returned.

"40!" Jude raised.

"60!" Winona raised back.

Another round of silence fell in the room, the shock so intense and hard.

60? 

That's about the highest bidding price ever in this place.

What exactly is going on??

Even Jude has reached his limit. He can't raise more than 40 without the joint family account.

He grabbed the railings tighter, gritting his jaws.

"Going for 60... Anyone bidding higher?" The committee Chief announced.

Silence.

"Anyone going higher?" He repeated.

"Call the bastard again!" Soren faced Sadie.

"I've been calling him since we got here, it's off!" Sadie snapped.

"Stop calling him the bastard, his name is Ryker!" Jude corrected.

"He's not a royal, he's the son of the old chef!" Sadie argued.

"Son of the old chef, yet he's powerful than you both combined. He's more respected and much more powerful than anybody in this city!" Jude laughed.

"Seems the arrows you received earlier weren't enough, you want bonuses?" Soren glared.

"She's going for 60 billions!" The committee chief announced, pulling them out of their argument.

"No" the twins chorused, preparing to jump down and behead everybody.

Jude's jaws tightened again.

Winona smiled wide at the ground floor, ready to receive the slave.

The hotness in the room was scathing, but it got watered down suddenly, replaced with coldness.

Dry ice grew from the ground, so crusty and large, spreading to the walls and ceilings and breaking some parts, causing plasters and ceiling pieces to fall on the ground.

Two chandeliers plucked and broke to bits, scattering around.

The ice kept extending, growing larger and higher and colder, spreading on the grounds and running a path to the iron cage.

Shayla shifted back in fear, her eyes fearfully wide.

"He's here" Sadie and Soren said with matching smirks.

The ice and the coldness that hit the royals alerted them of his presence, too. Everyone fell on their knees, bowing their heads to the ground.

Everyone except the Spectres who're still standing.

"The bastard is here." Winona muttered, turning around with Faye and Blaise.

Truly, he stood there in the middle of the room. The bastard.

He's wearing a long black royal robe, messy dark hair with slight sprinkles of whiteness. He's barefoot, and water from the ice is cascading at his clean feet. A small ruby ring is on his middle toe. He smells like doom, and carries the aura of blood.

There's a smear of bloodstain on his face, but it's definitely not his own blood. His goodlooking face is intensified with his coloured lips.

Ryker Millions. The bastard. Demigod Of The Grand Palace.

His eyes rolled to the cage, and Shayla was fast to duck her head to the ground, bowing.

Jude was smiling on the top floor, seeing Ryker feels refreshing to him.

"You're finished, Winona! We're winning again!" Sadie grinned.

Soren laughed.

Winona's fists are balled, she stared hatefully at Ryker.

The royals who're bowing on their knees are still in that position.

Ryker powerfully waved his left hand, and the cage padlock broke away, shattering on the ground.

The cage door broke, too, falling away from the cage body and landing on the icy ground heavily.

Shayla shifted back on her butt inside, shivering as a result of cold and as a result of him.

Another wave of his hand, she was thrown out of the cage with a force she has no idea about.

She fell on her belly in front of him, getting wet by the melting ice. Her skirt lifted up her butt, revealing her thin underwear.

Her groan was low, painful and shaky as she continued laying there at his feet, using her elbows to tilt, not daring to look up.

With droopy frigid eyes, Ryker cast a look down at her, extreme tension dropping in the room once again.

He didn't raise any bid-paddle.

Didn't overreact.

He didn't raise his voice, but...

His voice is weighty—madly deep, sending extra chills down several spines as he said the first word.

"150 billion." 

"What!!!"

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️ HEART OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 3&4.

Reply All Comments, Drop Urs Personally, Like and Share Massively.

Complete Requirements In Time.

★

[East Palace, 10PM ~ Pool Room]

Xena is floating on the pool surface, her clothes ballooning around her and her lids tightly shut.

She had struggled for long before giving up a while ago. She looks totally dead.

The glass door opened with a forceful slam which hit the wall, breaking the glass away.

Ryker entered with his two knights—Cheyenne and Sage.

Ryker nearly jumped into the pool first, but Sage did it.

He jumped in roughly, his entrance sending water splashes across the room.

He pulled Xena out of the water, setting her beside the pool.

Ryker squatted neatly beside her, feeling her pulse with two fingers. 

It's still pulsing.

He placed his right hand on her chest, sending some of his energy into her. Frosty blue light surrounded his palm, and his gaze stayed so sure as he expected her to jerk up.

"Those inhumane twins," Sage muttered angrily behind, dripping with water.

"My Lord can't even kill them, and that's enough to make me mad." Cheyenne said in an equally angry voice, her face unfriendly.

"Quiet!" Ryker snapped, causing their lips to snap shut.

Xena coughed back to life, water splurging out of her mouth, ears and nostrils.

Ryker's hahd left her chest, but he didn't stand. His eyes stayed on her.

Xena sat up, her eyes falling on Ryker.

"Ryker! You came for me." She gasped, wanting to touch him, but Ryker stood. Her hand missed him.

"Sadie said the pool water was poisonous." She stood too, brushing her wet hair back.

"I fused you with my power, the poison is out of your system already." Ryker hardened his eyes, his robe nearly crawling on the ground as he walked out.

The blood on his face is still there, though it's dried now.

Sage and Cheyenne followed him closely, and Xena ran after them.

"What did the twins make you do before letting you come get me? Huh?" Ryker...talk to me." 

No answer, but Ryker's bare steps stayed perilous till he arrived at the kitchen where the old chef is.

His hand is still stuck with the fork inside.

The custard and pie on his chest already dried with his clothes, and his legs are shaking as he has been standing since then.

"Father!" Xena ran over.

Cheyenne removed the fork from his hand, and the old chef began checking Xena out quickly.

"Did they hurt you? Are you ok?"

As the questions fell out of his mouth, Xena began crying.

"Stop asking if I'm fine when you're the only one who's hurt here. Look at your palm." She sobbed, showing the wounded palm to Ryker who's still standing there with that gloomy gaze.

"Please...heal him." Xena begged.

"No." He firmly declared, going for the door.

"Ryker Morozov!" The old chef called after him, using his real surname.

Ryker stopped sharply on his tracks, anger settling deep in his marrow as he turned around with just one side of his face, staring over his shoulder.

The old chef received a chest lash, getting flung back. He fell on the kitchen floor, hitting his head.

"Father!" Xena knelt beside him, holding him by the shoulders. "Father stay awake! Don't pass out!"

But his eyes kept rolling in obvious pains, and he's grunting too.

"Stop it! He's our father!!" Xena yelled at Ryker, her tears continuing.

"Morozov?" Ryker sneered, his hate blooming out. "Don't make that mistake, ever again!" He warned, leaving the kitchen with his knights.

Xena gathered tissues, wiping the old chef's sweat with them.

"He'll come around one day, and you should stop calling him by our surname Morozov. It's death sentence for you if any of The Millions Family hear about it, and I don't want you to die yet." She said.

She also tied a bandage on his wounded palm.

"He has refused to heal you, meaning you'd have to wait for it to heal naturally. I'll get you capsules from the pharmacy later." She assured.

"You're too good to me, Xena." The old chef smiled through his tears.

"Of course... you're our father." Xena hugged him.

--

Ryker and his knights have barely left the kitchen staircase when Jude appeared, obstructing them.

Ryker's eyes rolled, obviously not ready to entertain anyone right now. Not even Jude.

"It's good to see you again after two good days. Who did you kill this time? I know you killed someone judging by the blood on your face. Or is it two people? Three people?" Jude smiled genuinely, wanting to touch Ryker, but Sage blocked him.

"My Lord doesn't appreciate touches from anyone, not even us, and you know it."

"Right, I forgot. But I wonder when I'll actually get a hug from you...Ryker." Jude sighed with a pout.

"Where were you when your twin siblings were drowning Xena in the pool?" Ryker questioned demandingly, his deep voice echoing with the need for an answer.

"What!" Jude blinked in disbelief. "Drowned Xena?"

"My Lord got a call, ordering him to come to the auction with enough cash if he wants to save her from everlasting sickness." Sage explained.

"Wait...the twins are the reason you came to the auction to bid a whooping 150 insane billions for the Shayla slave?" Jude's eyes widened.

Ryker whizzed past him, going down the staircase.

"I swear, Ryker. I didn't know!" Jude ran after him. "Believe me Ryker... I'll never lie to you. I like you more than anything!" 

"Stop using that word, it's upsetting. Don't like me. Just hate me like everyone else, it's easier." Ryker crankily replied with a glare that could cut through stones.

He used the exit door, but Jude still went after him.

"Ryk—"

Cheyenne blocked Jude this time, giving him a slight bow.

"You should stop here and let him be, Grand Prince. Don't provoke him further." She said and left.

Jude took three steps back, muttering...

"Those evil twin siblings of mineee"

He rushed upstairs, two steps at a time.

--

Ryker didn't leave for his tower immediately.

He went to the lone hall at the end of the castle rooms, standing behind the door with dull expression for a while.

"Here's it," Cheyenne handed him a sheathed dagger.

Then he opened the door and went inside alone. Cheyenne and Sage stayed by the door.

This room is blue, and it the blue light isn't from bulbs. 

There's a triangular black tray on top of a dark oakwood table, and on the tray, there's a shiny, glittering orb, distributing blue ray of light across the room, so bright that it might blind the weak.

It's the FrostOrb, the main reason why the Millions Family are more powerful than any family in this city.

It's the one thing that empowered them to be able to snatch the city away from the Spectres.

The orb must stay bright everytime to supply power to the family, and to stay bright, it drinks blood. Not just any blood... it's always Ryker's blood.

Ryker unsheathed the dagger, brandishing it with the blue light while staring at the blade through his lashes.

He cut the middle of his palm with the dagger, slashing through the flesh and peeling it apart.

Blood erupted, falling on the FrostOrb in large droplets. The more the blood dropped, the brighter the FrostOrb light turned, till the brightness reflected in his eyes.

"Finally decided to come back?" A thick voice spoke behind him.

He didn't have to turn before knowing who it is.

That's the Grand Supreme Zeke, and he's probably with his wife Azura.

Ryker dropped enough blood on the orb, making sure it reached the brightness limit before taking his bloody hand away from it.

He turned around, and it's really Zeke and Azura, both looking power-druk and evil as always.

"You know well that you can't be far from the orb, right? Your blood is the oil, meaning you can't go far from the castle! So tell me...where the hell have you been since two days ago?" Zeke demanded.

"Why bother ask when you know? Didn't you send spies after me? You know I've been looking for her, and I'm not sitting still in this rotten castle without making a move!" Ryker glared.

"How dare you glare like that!" Zeke spat out in anger, sending him bone-cracking strikes with two fingers.

Ryker vanished from that spot, appearing on top of the orb table with unshakeable balance.

The strike hit the wall instead, leaving two deep cracks.

Ryker raised his hand to strike back, but Azura stepped forward, laughing.

"You're gonna strike back? Do it if you have the balls. Your sister's lifeline is with Zeke, remember? One pull, and she'd die. So go ahead! Strike back and you'll receive Xena's dead body in return!" She threatened.

Ryker's hand went down, his fingers shaking so much but not with fear.

It's rage. 

Boiling rage which made deep frosty blue colour settle in his two eyes.

"You might be revered and feared outside this palace, but always remember you got that fame from this family! People fear you cos of The Millions surname, not because of your crazy powers! Everything you have belongs here!" Azura continued.

Ryker's fingers went closed, balling up. He's trying too too hard to contain his anger. Else, he might lose it, combust and ruin things.

"We know you've been searching for her, but the time you always spend looking for her, use it to look for the marked one instead, time is running." Zeke said authoritatively.

"Congratulations on buying your first slave though, but know that she doesn't belong to you. She belongs to the slaves camp and she'd work for the Family." Azura declared.

And with that, she left the room with Zeke, their steps fading off.

Ryker exited too, walking past Cheyenne and Sage by the door.

The two exchanged glances, knowing something happened inside with the Grand Supreme and his wife.

Each time those two meet Ryker, his anger grows. 

Ryker is always angry, but they have a way of making it swell, especially if they threaten him with Xena's lifeline.

--

[Starr Balcony]

Fluorescent lights hit the bodies of the thin glass cups on the table, sending glosses across the walls and table edges.

Sadie and Soren stood beside the table, and it was Soren who poured the wine into the cups.

They carried their cups at the same time.

"To more wins!" Sadie beamed.

"Endless feats!" Soren smirked, their glasses coming together in a soft clink before they had little sips.

"I bet Winona and her siblings are crying as we speak, I wish I could collect Winona's tears in a fuckin bowl and make a hot cup coffee with it." Sadie smiled, taking her seat and mounting her legs on each other.

"C'mon, don't be too cruel. We've done enough tonight." Soren chuckled.

"Stop talking like you're not thinking about the same thing, twinnie." Sadie shrugged, and Soren's chuckle darkened.

He picked his phone with his other hand, swiping up and down.

"As it should be, we're trending on the Dark Room web again. Ballet School is gonna turn hot tomorrow." He announced, showing Sadie his phone screen.

"Take it away from my face, you know how much I hate phones and cars! Human technology just pisses me off." She rolled eyes.

"What have you both done!" Jude bursted into the balcony.

"We made the bastard buy the slave for us," Sadie stood.

"And for the hundredth time, he's Ryker, not bastard!" Jude barked.

"He's a bastard! Everyone calls him that so why are you trying to be different! Why always defending him when he doesn't even like you! That bastard likes no one so why willing to die for him! We're your siblings, not him!" Sadie yelled.

"And that's why you drowned Xena his sister in the poisoned pool?" Jude muttered.

"Yes," Soren stood. "And we enjoyed it."

"You fuckin parasites!" Jude lunged towards them, but before he could even take three steps, their eyes shared the faint glow, and Jude automatically slipped.

He fell from the balcony railings with a loud scream.

The twins leaned on the railings, staring down at him from there.

Jude landed on the ground, breaking one of his right leg bones.

He sat there, groaning and unable to stand as he looked up at them.

Sadie pulled out some nyx notes from her bag, throwing them down at him.

Note; Nyx is the Luminaria currency.

"Your healing powers will take at least ten minutes for the bone to heal, but you might not wanna wait, so go treat yourself." Sadie laughed as the money landed on Jude.

"You're interested in the incoming slave Shayla. You and Winona like her? I mean...that dirty, smelly thing?" Soren laughed too.

"More reason to make her beg for death. We'll feed her pains like food, and we'll make you watch. That'd be your punishment for chosing the bastard over us." Sadie said.

Then the two of them left the balcony.

Jude grabbed his broken leg, groaning out.

They were right.

He's gonna have to sit here for at least ten minutes till the bone heals before he'd be able to stand.

He has to find a way to separate the twins and have his revenge.

--

[Heartless Tower]

The heavy scent of doom with a hint of frozen ice oozed from the walls, floors, pillars and everywhere noticeable in the tower.

The tower is almost as big as the main castle, but the luxury here is much more.

Everything is either in crystals, sapphire, gold, or jade.

It's like a land of honey, decked with enough richness to build several cities and capitals.

Ryker's demigod aura is in love with richness, so the tower shines with unbelievable wealth always. 

He's madly rich, and it's one of the qualities he intimidates the Millions Family with.

They might know everything about him, but they don't know the source of his wealth.

Maids don't work in this tower.

He hates maids. He hates servants or chefs. In fact, he hates everyone.

He does his things himself, and he's comfortable like that.

He's currently sitting on his throne-like chair in the center of the icy tower. Several blue flames burned brightly beside the dry ice walls.

He's relaxed on the chair, his back pressing on the soft structure. 

Again, the bloodstain is still on his face. He might be obsessed with blood on his face.

Cheyenne and Sage are in front of him, reporting...

"We gathered twenty females from the city again. They'll be in the palace tomorrow and will be directed to the Bamboo Groove so you can check for the mark." Cheyenne said.

"The new slave will be here tomorrow, but My Lord, are you really gonna let her work in the slaves camp for the Millions instead of working here? I thought you bought her for yourself." Sage asked.

"She's to stay at the Slaves Wing and work at the labor camp. I don't need a slave, or a servant. Keep that beggar as far away from me as possible." Ryker stated.

"Yes, my Lord." Sage stepped back.

He left the main tower with Cheyenne, both retiring to the tower quarters where they stay.

They're the closest to Ryker as his knights, and his richness even reflects in them.

They never wear cheap outfits. They're always in brand suits, and Cheyenne in particular is always wearing hats... expensive hats.

Ryker is more than enough to protect himself in this wicked palace, but they're his biggest extra protectors as they carry insane powers too.

--

[West Palace]

The castle is silent, except for the sound of Winona's harsh breathings.

She's in the lobby with the whole family, and they look bereaved like they've just lost someone.

Kasia and Astor are standing over the kids, both looking disappointed.

"Winona, I don't think you should be as angry as this. You're not even a student of the Ballet School so your mockery will be limited. I'm the only redhead in the school so let me feel all the anger!" Blaise stood.

"I'm Faye, of course everyone knows I'm Sadie's biggest enemy, so I'm the center of mockery tomorrow." Faye stood too.

"I didn't say that for you to follow up, stepsister." Blaise faced her, his hatred so obvious.

"I wasn't following up on you! I only said what's on my mind you pest!" Faye shouted.

Blaise nearly blinded her with his red hair flash, but Kasia stepped in.

"Blaise!!"

"Marrying Astor is like throwing me into a well. I hate him, and I hate his daughter more!" Blaise yelled, storming out of the lobby.

"Oh you think I don't hate you too? You think I like your mother too? Come back here cow!!" Faye went after him.

"Faye!" Astor yelled, but it's a lost cause. She's already out.

"I was wondering why they haven't fought since daybreak, turns out they were only saving it for tonight." Kasia muttered, sitting down.

"You know the most annoying part of the auction? We nearly won! I bet 60 billions, my life savings, but that bastard had to step in and ruin things with his 150 billions shit!" Winona held her head.

"Calm down, Winona." Astor patted her shoulder.

"I can't calm down, stepfather. I like that slave." Winona shook her head.

"Why the hell would the bastard suddenly come for the auction? He has never been a fan of the Dark Room. That demigod hates everyone so why did he appear in public tonight?" Kasia wondered aloud.

A servant entered the lobby, holding out a white card.

"From the East palace," he reported.

"Leave," Kasia told him after taking the card.

"Yes, Grandmistress." The servant took his leave, and Kasia tore the envelope open, reading it with Astor.

"We got invited to a meeting at the East palace tommorow night. It's to discuss the feast. Grand Supreme Zeke sent this invite himself." Astor announced.

"To the East palace? I'm definitely following you. Mother, stepfather, you don't object, right? I really need to see the slave again." Winona said desperately.

Kasia sighed, uncertain.

--

[Next Morning, East Palace ~ Bamboo Groove]

Apart from Heartless Tower, the Bamboo Groove is the second place of peace for Ryker.

Located at the back tracks of the palace property. The area is swamped by bamboo trees, and you can't even see the sky once you're inside cos it's shadowy and dark.

No one else is allowed inside except Ryker himself, then Cheyenne and Sage on official duties.

The two are ushering in twenty females right now, and the females are in a straight line as they head to the middle of the Groove.

Some of them are smiling with excitement, and some are shaking with fear cos everyone knows his history.

Each time he checks females for the mark, he always ends up killing one or two of them just to get blood on his face.

Ryker sat in the middle of the Groove, wearing another robe that's different from last night's, but still colour black with decorative jade treasures.

The sprinkles of white in his hair is now gone, but it's still messy, and he's wearing light shoes.

For most of the ladies, it's their first time seeing him in person, so their eyes came wide at the beauty. Even the ones who were scared forgot about their fear for the moment, lust taking over their souls.

They lined in front of him, and his eyes stayed unsettled.

Cheyenne and Sage turned their backs to the scene, and the females followed the usual protocol.

They began taking off their clothes, down to their panties and bras till they all became stark naked.

Ryker took out his dagger and cut his arm easily. He bled out.

The mark is supposed to shine on the marked one whenever he bleeds.

The females turned around one by one, presenting themselves for his eyes and waiting for when he's gonna announce that he found the mark on one of them.

But nothing came from him till he finished checking the twenty of them.

"Get out." He ordered, the deepness of his voice causing them to flinch.

Some of them couldn't even wait to wear their clothes. They gathered the fabrics and ran out.

Most of them forgot their panties and bras right there.

They ran out till it's just one of them left inside.

That one has refused to wear her clothes back, and she's smiling slyly walked to him.

"My Lord, maybe we only have to become partners first and the mark will appear on my body?" She said boldly, and that boldness was the end of her.

A raise of two fingers from Ryker, she froze in place.

The anger he couldn't vent to Grand Supreme Zeke and Azura last night, he released it all on her.

She froze from the insides.

Her lungs, blood, flesh and bones became ice, and her skin got covered completely with ice too.

She couldn't even make her last sound before she shattered to pieces. 

A portion of her non-frozen blood splashed on Ryker's face, and his smirk was soft as he felt totally refreshed.

"Clean up her shatters before they melt away, and take them to her parents. Tell them I killed her, and describe how I did it. Make them listen to the details till the end." He ordered, standing.

"Yes, My Lord." Cheyenne and Sage chorused.

"No marked one among them again?" Sage muttered.

"I'll be at the Spring Pool." Ryker further said, walking deeper into the Bamboo Groove, his robe swirling gently with the air.

--

[8AM]

Shayla's steps were shaky and unaligned as she stepped into the East palace grounds with the auctioning committee chief.

She's wearing tattered shoes like her clothes, and her arms are closed over her chest as she walked as fast as possible, following after the chief so she won't get shouted at.

She didn't even bother looking around at the luxury of the palace. Why would she look when she's here to suffer?

The luxury doesn't matter, she's doomed for life.

She got sold to the wickedest man in this place, and that's enough to shatter her more than she already is.

Her eyes stung with tears as she tried hard to keep up as the chief is walking too fast.

The heavy chains are still on her ankle, so it's hard to walk.

She managed to look up once, and she saw Sadie and Soren at the wide park. 

Both are about to enter their car, ready to leave for their Ballet School.

Their eyes met hers, and their smiles are crueller than poison.

"So...what are our plans for this slave dog?" Sadie asked.

"Mercury deserves to see the way we make her see hell." Soren said.

Mercury is their one and only friend.

"We'll bring her home from school to join us then, the fun starts tonight. But first, let's go experience the school fame." Sadie smiled.

They got in the car, driving out.

Shayla's toes hit a edge, and she fell, getting wounded.

"Get up, wench!" The chief yelled, and she quickly got up.

"I'm... sorry." She muttered, voice gentle but as beautiful as her face.

She ran after the chief, but she felt eyes on herself, so she looked up again.

It's Jude.

He's standing beside his car at the second park. He's about to leave the palace for official duties, and his eyes stayed on her wounded toes as she walked past.

With a bow, Shayla looked away from him, concentrating on her walk.

The chief took her to the Slaves Wing, then he left her to enter by herself.

She stepped into the hall, and at first, fear gripped her.

There are multitude of slaves in there, and there are beds, though they're flat, but they're still beds.

She stayed in the Dark Room cage all her life, so she has never slept on a bed. The need to fall on the mattress and sleep almost overwhelmed her.

She batted her lashes to stay awake, looking at the hall again. Her fear is gone already, so she's looking at everyone too, staring back.

They all have heavy chains to their ankles like her, and they look as shabby and underfed as her, too.

They're currently eating breakfast of pie and custard.

She has heard that's what slaves and maids eat here.

"It's the 150 billion slave!" A short lady appeared, smiling up at her.

She's almost a dwarf. 

No. She's actually a dwarf, but she looks cheerful, and judging by her looks, she's a slave too, just that she looks well-fed than the others. 

Also, there's no shackling chains on her ankles.

"I'm Lilith" she spoke again.

"Shayla" Shayla's small voice replied.

"I know, everyone knows the 150 billion slave. Even me the most popular slave here was bought for 10 million. No one was bought for a billion, but you raised the stakes." Lilith said loudly, rounding her.

"You're the most popular slave?" Shayla asked softly.

"Listen... When a Luminaria mates with a human, the human gene suppresses the Luminaria gene, and that's why their child is always powerless, but in rare cases, the Luminaria gene suppresses the human gene, and the child is born with certain powers. My father was a Luminarian, my mother was a human. My father's Luminaria gene suppressed my mother's human gene, so I was born with little powers, one of its kind." Lilith explained.

"Oh..." Shayla nodded in understanding.

"I'm treated better than the rest of the slaves cos of my little power, and I even got the post of a janitress." Lilith shrugged, walking out of the hall.

Shayla followed her, though her mouth is itching to eat pie and custard.

"I happen to like you, so I'll explain how things work here for you." Lilith faced her.

Shayla blinked her long lashes.

"In this palace, avoid the evil twins if you wanna live long. Avoid Grand Supreme Zeke and his wife. And also, don't call Lord Ryker a bastard whenever Prince Jude is around. He loves Lord Ryker like a brother, so he'd kill you if you try it." Lilith explained.

"Lord Ryker? My buyer?" Shayla asked.

"Lord Ryker might have bought you, but you're gonna be working at the labor camp for the family. You're not gonna be working for him. You might not know, but Lord Ryker hates slaves." Lilith cleared.

"Really?" Shayla felt peace instantly, though it won't last, but hearing that she won't be working for Ryker is a blessing.

"Also you'll need to know the reason why Lord Ryker is answering the Millions surname instead of his real surname, why his father and sis are maids in the royal kitchen, and why he stays in that rich Heartless Tower even though he's not a royal." Lilith continued.

"But not now, I'll tell you the story when we're back." 

"Back from where?" Shayla asked.

"Slaves Labor Camp opens by 9, but you have to go somewhere with me before then." Lilith smiled.

"Where?" Shayla asked again.

"You'll know when we get there. You're my favorite person now, so when we return, I'll get you the largest portion of food, then you can eat and we'll go join the others at the camp. Wait for me I'll be right back." Lilith told her, rushing inside.

Shayla stood there, thinking about what she just heard.

Lilith looks friendly, and she has never made a friend all her life, so she's kinda happy, slightly.

Her eyes caught her toe that was wounded earlier, and she was surprised to see the wound is gone like it was never there.

The hell? 

She's very sure she hit her toe earlier before she saw Prince Jude at the park, so where did the wound go?

"Careful, don't trust Lilith too much." A new voice said beside her, making her look up from her toe to see another female slave.

"She uses people and dumps them when she's done. She'd ruin you." The female said and left.

Shayla was still wondering what it meant when Lilith came back for her.

"Let's go!" She pulled her along.

Shayla looked back, but the slave is already gone from that corridor.

With a pure chaste mind, she followed Lilith.

Lilith took her to the Bamboo Groove, entering through the shadow of the leaves.

"Where are we?" Shayla asked as they tiptoed under the darkness.

"Shhh!" Lilith placed a hand on her plump lips. 

Shayla blinked once, then they continued their journey.

She could feel the iciness of the Groove. It wrapped around her like a nest of snakes, and for no reason, she's scared.

Something is telling her that this journey is dangerous, but Lilith seems too bold, so she followed till they got to the back of clustered bamboos where they both hid.

From there, they peeped out to see a Spring Pool in front of them, and in the middle of the pool, Ryker sat shirtlessly, steam rising calmly in the ambience surrounding him.

His back is on them.

"Lord Ryker!" Shayla gasped, turning away.

"Shh, just watch. That's my crush, don't ruin my picnic." Lilith whispered.

"But this is wrong. He's got sharp hearing like I heard, and I'm sure he knows we're here. I don't wanna die yet." Shayla shook her head.

"I told you I've got little powers, right?" Lilith smiled. "My little power can block noises from others, so he definitely can't hear us, trust me. Just look at that divine body. I want to touch him so bad." 

Shayla peeked out from behind the bamboo clusters again, unable to blink as she had another look at Ryker's back view.

He's still sitting still in the pool.

His body is clean—white as snow, but his back has a tattoo in the middle.

The tattoo of a frozen sword.

"See that frozen tattoo?" Lilith whispered. 

Shayla faced her.

"His partner has it on her body too, but her own would be a burning sword instead of ice. He has been looking for that partner for years with no success." Lilith explained.

"Partner? So... they'll get married?" Shayla asked.

"Darn, 150 billion. You're really naive." Lilith sighed.

"What do you mean naive? Isn't he meant to...get married to his partner?" Shayla softly said.

Her leg mistakenly hit a small stone beside her, and the stone fell, making a loud rolling noise.

Ryker's blue eyes snapped open in the spring pool, and the girls gasped.

"Darn!" Lilith pushed Shayla out.

Shayla landed on the dried bamboo leaves on the ground, then Lilith ran out of the Groove, escaping alone.

Shayla's chest thudded with irregular beats, bursting with fear and breaking at the taste of Lilith's betrayal.

She struggled to stand up, but the moment she stood, she was lifted off her feet by an arcane energy that definitely belongs to Ryker.

She levitated, and her body slammed up against the bamboo shadows

One of the stems pierced her tummy.

"Arghh!!! Wait please it wasn't...I didn't...come here on my own!!" She cried out, legs struggling frantically in the air.

Her rag shoes fell off her feet, and her blood wet the bamboo.

"Pleasss...I..I'm..."

Ryker stepped out of the Spring Pool, his feet bare. 

Long white transparent pants hung low on his waist, and his well-built body flexed with the water which rode down his showing v-line.

He paused after few steps,, his head tilted threateningly.

"It's the beggar," He muttered, looking utterly unimpressed. 

"Since you love death so much and even came here boldly for it, I'll gladly give it to you." 

He raised that hand to strike, and Shayla's eyes popped in terror, widening beyond their sockets.

"No no no.... Please don't kill me! Please don't... please!!!"

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️ HEART OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 5&6.

ARE Y'ALL FOR REAL WITH THE MADLY LOW ENGAGEMENT ON LAST NIGHT'S CHAPTER? 

DON'T MAKE ME START GHOSTING YOU GUYS TOO BEFORE SOME WILL START SAYING SHE'S DOING TOO MUCH.

COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS IN TIME TOMORROW. I'M NOT GIVING COMPLETION DEADLINE YET COS WE'VE NOT REACHED THE TENTH CHAPTER, SO ENJOY THIS GRACE TILL THEN.

Reply My Comments, Drop Urs, Like and Share Massively.

★

Shayla's yellings.

The tears welling in her eyes.

Her kicks against the air.

Her pouring blood.

None was enough to stop Ryker.

His strike met her like a raging stormcloud, and though he's not exactly holding her, he has a magical hold on her.

He's choking her wretched life out of her wretched lungs.

Her nose is bleeding too, her lower lip changed colour. Death knocked at her door, and it opened wide.

Ryker stood there, beside the pool, just doing his thing—taking her life.

Shayla's life only has a thin thread left when Cheyenne entered the Groove, her eyes stretching for a sec when she saw what's going on.

"What are you doing here?" Ryker questioned, still not lowering his hand from the crying slave in the air.

"I and Sage found the boss of the hidden warehouse where she was last seen." Cheyenne reported.

Ryker's hand went down, and Shayla went down too, her body hitting the ground with a deadly thud.

She held her bleeding tummy with a palm, shifting away from him on her butt. Her glassy eyes stared up at him with fear, and her body is trembling.

Her whole skin is red—eyes inclusive. And she's panting so bad.

Ryker didn't give her another gaze.

He just grabbed his white linen jacket  from where it was hung, put it on and started walking out with his effortless steps.

"What should I do to her, My Lord?" Cheyenne asked.

"Drag her out, make sure she gets the heaviest workload at the labor camp everyday. And clean this Groove thoroughly. Clean out her smell." He replied without turning, then his steps faded out.

Cheyenne's fingers grabbed Shayla's hair, tugging her up.

"I...I didn't come here on my own!" She spoke up. "I was brought by—"

"Shut up already, I do not want to hear what your voice has to say." Cheyenne cut her off harshly.

Shayla's mouth went clamped.

She's struggling to hold her bleeding tummy, struggling to walk as Cheyenne dragged her, and at the same time she's struggling with the sting of her hold on her hair.

It was hard till they got out of the Groove, and Cheyenne threw her down. Her bleeding tummy hit the ground, and the stem inside it fully entered her skin, making her cry out.

"I ... Was brought here by Lilith! I'm new here and—"

That was interrupted by a boiling slap from Cheyenne.

Shayla fell back to the ground again, her blood dripping a lot.

"Believe me, I was—"

Another slap.

Shayla's tears sprang out, and she held her cheek with her second hand before looking up at Cheyenne's ruthless face.

"Do you know what Lord Ryker hates most?" Cheyenne spoke with a practiced accent. 

"It is when you break into his territory or breach his rules." she continued, raising her heels to place the sharp edge on Shayla's forehead.

Shayla gulped.

"That Heatless Tower and this Bamboo Groove are sacred places you should never make the mistake of entering. They're not for roaches like you, they're exclusively for him. And if you're one of the slut slaves seeking for attention, give up already. He'd kill you before you get even a little bit of warmth from him." She said heartlessly, each word stabbing Shayla's chest like a knife.

"I'm...I'm not a slut." She managed to talk through her pouring tears.

Cheyenne dropped her heel from her forehead, smiling hatefully.

"I see you're the type who talks back. Well, I'll have fun messing with you in here. Entering that Groove would be your biggest mistake ever, and you'll regret it over and over again."

With that, she walked off, leaving Shayla there... bleeding and weeping.

Shayla stood, her palm still holding her bleeding tummy tightly.

She looked at the Bamboo Groove entrance, wiping her tears with her second hand, then she sniffled, remembering his words...

"...AND CLEAN THIS GROOVE THOROUGHLY. CLEAN OUT HER SMELL."

She brought her arm close to her nose, sniffling her own skin.

She doesn't smell.

Even when she still lived like a dog in her cage at the Dark Room, she was allowed to bath and brush always. The only things she lacked were food and decent change of clothes.

That statement from him hurt more than it should.

But then...his personality has always been like this like she heard.

He has his own beliefs, and no one could change them, so if he believes she smells, then good for him.

She returned to the Slaves Wing, and as she walked past the corridor with bleeding tummy, the eyes of her fellow slaves stared at her, some with pity and some with worries.

Some stared with curiosity about where she got the wound from.

"She must have encountered the evil twins." One of them mumbled.

"Oh my goodness! 150 billion!" Lilith ran out of the hall to meet her.

She gasped again when she saw her bleeding tummy.

"Did Lord Ryker do this to you? Your nose is bleeding too! This is serious... We slaves don't get treatment. Once you get wounded, you rot and die...no one cares. Geez, are you gonna die now? You're so unlucky!" She pitifully said.

Suddenly, Shayla pushed her away, and everyone received shocks, including Lilith herself.

"You tricked me into the Groove because you wanted to use me as cover, isn't it? Because I'm new, you took advantage of me. I might have lived my whole life in a cage, but I'm not stupid, Lilith." Shayla said hurtfully, and Lilith laughed.

"I was only trying to make friends with you and make you the best slave after me, and you're taking it for granted? So what if you took the fall for me? You're basically my servant!" Lilith snapped with hostility.

The other slaves couldn't say anything. It's not the first time Lilith treats new slaves badly.

Shayla stayed speechless too.

She's getting weak cos of her bleeding tummy. She's losing too much blood.

"One meal portion left, who hasn't eaten breakfast?" Xena's voice broke into the corridor, and the slaves dispersed instantly.

Xena appeared from the end of the corridor, holding a big basket from the slaves kitchen. She's actually here to pack the plates they used for breakfast.

"Watch out from now on, you're on my blacklist!" Lilith threatened Shayla before leaving too.

"How did you get hurt?" Xena asked Shayla, looking genuinely worried as she stared at her tummy.

"I...the Groove." Shayla tried to explain.

Xena dropped her basket, gasping. "You entered my brother's Groove? And you're still alive? You're lucky! He's insane about that place." 

"I was tricked inside by Lilith." Shayla replied, sitting on the pavement and supporting herself with the pillar.

"You should stay away from Lilith, she's evil. You're new, so she'd wanna take advantage of you." Xena said.

"I wish I knew that earlier. How did you know I'm new?" Shayla asked, her lips pale with both hunger and blood loss.

"Everyone knows you're the 150 billion slave, Shayla. Try to stay as far away from my brother as possible. He kills for fun, and it's not funny if you trespass." Xena offered.

"Thanks for the additional advice..." Shayla drawled.

"Xena, my name is Xena, Ryker's sis. I and my old chef father are in charge of the two kitchens" Xena introduced.

"Oh..." Shayla nodded, groaning in pains from her tummy.

"Darn it...your tummy." Xena muttered, gently taking Shayla's hand away from it.

She raised her blouse from the wound, frowning when she saw how deep it is. The bamboo stem is even still inside it, that's why it's bleeding so much.

"This is bad, there's no treatment for slaves here at all. What are we gonna do? My powers can't heal." Xena muttered.

Shayla's face twisted in pains again.

Xena quickly removed the scarf she's wearing on her head. She wrapped it round on Shayla's tummy.

Blood dampened it immediately, but she kept wrapping till it went three rounds, then she knotted it.

"It's 8:50, and the Labor Camp opens at 9, so you should eat and join the others to work. I'll secretly search for some capsules from the pharmacy and keep them for you, so when you return from camp in the evening, we'll apply it." Xena said.

She took the plate of custard and the only one wrap of pie remaining. She handed them to Shayla who took them with a smile.

"You're so kind, Xena."

Xena smiled back, "And you're beautiful"

Shayla smiled again, taking a bite from the pie then topping with the milkless sugarless custard.

"Why do you and your dad work in the kitchen though?" She asked suddenly.

A sigh left Xena's mouth, and she backed the pillar.

"It's a long story..."

Shayla kept staring at her, so she sat up, facing her.

"Several years ago, I and my father and my mother and my twin sister lived together in peace." She started.

"You're a twin?" Shayla blinked, licking custard away from her full lips.

"Yeah..." Xena said, sadness riddling her voice.

"The four of us lived together as one happy family, and back then... mother was pregnant with Ryker, so we were expecting him as out fifth family member. We weren't rich and we weren't very powerful, but at least we lived fine. Then one particular night, mother began feeling labour pains...but father wasn't at home. It was just me and my twin sis with her. We were just crying cos we were three years olds and knew nothing." 

"Where did your father go?" Shayla asked, getting more curious.

"He was at a bar, drinking..." Xena smiled sadly.

"What! But you said y'all were one happy family... Why would he leave his pregnant wife alone at home with three year olds twins?" Shayla asked.

"I dunno, that night is still a mystery. Father never behaved like that before. He got drunk at the bar and spanked Azura's ass" Xena continued.

"Azu...Wait, the Grand Supreme's wife? What was she doing at the bar too?" Shayla blinked.

"Back then, The Spectres were still the ruler of this city, the Millions Family were just one regular rich family. So like I said... father spanked Azura's arse, and she wanted to behead him, but father was like; please spare me...I have a pregnant wife and two young twins and I can't die yet." 

"Azura was even more enraged to hear that. She dragged father to our house with the intention of killing him and his pregnant wife and his twin kids. By the time they arrived at our house, mother already gave birth to Ryker all by herself, but Ryker wasn't a random child. He was born powerful, I mean... he's a Demigod who carries the power of millennial ice in that body, and when he was born, he was holding the FrostOrb in his right hand. That was when Azura knew he wasn't just a normal child." 

Xena was already crying by now.

Shayla held her hands, urging her to continue.

"Azura told her husband Zeke about it, and they decided to ruin our family just to take Ryker. Zeke killed mother. He killed her..." Xena sniffled.

Shayla began rubbing her hands.

"After killing mother, they decided to capture I and my father and my twin as slaves, but my twin disappeared magically... no one knows her whereabouts till now. They took me and father and Ryker. Using the FrostOrb, they also took the palace from the Spectres, and they became rulers. They threw us in the kitchen and made us cook for them, and they made Ryker a member of the Millions Family forcefully. He mustn't show affection to me or father, else we'd be killed. Also, if they hear anyone calling him our Morozov surname, it's death sentence." Xena sobbed.

"But...he's so powerful...he should fight for you both..." Shayla muttered.

"Azura and Zeke knew that when he grows, he'd wanna save us, so to prevent that, Zeke extracted my lifeline and hid it where no one would find it. That's what they always threaten him with." Xena said.

"So...your life-line is with Grand Supreme Zeke? The red thread?" Shayla's eyes widened.

"Yeah, he only has to cut that red thread, and I'll die. But there's a solution to that though... If I find my missing twin sister, another lifeline can be created for me from her own, and that's why Ryker has been looking for her so much. I bet all the struggle will be over when he finds my twin." Xena exhaled.

"That's...that's heartbreaking." Shayla pitifully said.

"I know, right?" Xena looked around, seeing that the other slaves are already leaving for the labor camp.

"You should join them. Like I said, I'll sneak you some capsules from the pharmacy, and I'll come treat your wound myself after I finish cooking dinner with father." She said.

"Thank you, Xena. I'm glad I met you." Shayla smiled, standing after dropping her custard plate.

She finished it already, but there's still a bit of pie left.

"See you later, friend!" Xena waved her, leaving with the basket.

"Friend?" Shayla muttered. "She's more like my big sister. If she's older than Lord Ryker, then she's far older than me." 

She was chewing the rest of her pie as she head to the camp, following the lead of the others.

Her barefoot doesn't matter.

Her cold feet doesn't matter too.

She's used to hardships, and she only wishes to stay alive till the end of her slavery here.

Also, the thought of the story Xena just told her is making her wonder.

Grand Supreme Zeke and his wife Azura are the most villainous beings existing.

Erasing a whole family just to get their powerful son? All because the old chef spanked Azura's arse?

Crazy.

And now the son is a bloodthirsty demigod who nearly killed her.

She sighed, entering the crowd of slaves after eating the rest of her pie.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School]

* It's the Millions royal twins!!

* Yo! Grand Princess Sadie and Grand Prince Soren!

* I'd do anything to get invited to the East Palace!

* Their bastard demigod bought the slave and I couldn't stop howling!

* Me too! I love seeing the Spectres getting humbled! What was Winona feeling like?

There was no stop to the praises and screams as Sadie and Soren got down from their car at the large park.

They're not smiling, but their arrogance is high. They obviously love the praises.

"And here comes my friends!!" Mercury ran out of the school building, jumping down the staircase.

She's a lousy arrogant one just like them. Also, her mother is the owner of this school.

"I watched the auction last night on the web and I've never been as proud! You guys were so cool! Winona was humbled! I bet Faye and Blaise would walk with their faces on the ground today." She gushed.

"You're too loud sometimes," Sadie chuckled.

"Of course I'm loud! My friends are big shots!" Mercury jumped.

Soren shook his head, and then another car halted in the park. Faye and Blaise came out of it.

Heavy laughter filled the park from everyone.

"Why did Winona try to get the slave last night? Tell me." A student said.

"How much is in your family account? Is it even up to the 60 billion that she bid?" Another one said, laughing out.

"Now I get why you guys are stuck in the West Palace! If your parents are the main rulers of this city, we'd have all died of hunger! Broke people!" Another student laughed.

Faye and Blaise stood in the middle, trying to keep their anger under their clothes cos causing trouble will bring problem for their family for sure.

They received all the insults silently, and while all that is happening, The evil twins and Mercury were smiling at the other side of the park.

They're enjoying this.

"So what if my sister lost to the bastard! The twins hate the bastard so I see no reason why his win should be their win!" Blaise said when he couldn't take it anymore.

"Yeah...that's true. I hear his source of income is different from the family's own so he definitely got the slave with his own money!" Faye added.

Sadie pushed some students out of her way, coming to them.

She faced Blaise in particular.

"The bastard belongs to The Millions Family, so everything he has belongs to the family too! Don't give me shit about how he got the slave with his own money!" She shot.

Blaise wanted to talk back, but Faye held him.

"Your father died not long ago, his grave is still wet, but your mother Kasia already married Faye's father Astor? Really impressive. I bet they married for the fûck." Sadie continued, and that was when things snapped.

Some of Blaise's red hair strands got carried by the air, and that strand went to Sadie.

She saw it coming, but she allowed it. She didn't move till the strand entered her eye.

That eye turned red.

The eyeball disappeared. She went blind in that eye alone.

"Sadie!" Soren came forward with Mercury.

"Sadie your eye!" Mercury gasped.

"What did you do to my twin!" Soren yelled at Blaise.

He'd have killed him on the spot, but Sadie held him back.

"I'll manage with one eye for the rest of today, leave him alone." 

"What do you mean leave him alone? He ruined your eye!" Soren glared.

"I said leave him!" Sadie glared back.

She went inside. Soren and Mercury went after her.

Faye quickly pulled Blaise aside. "Are you insane? You hurt Sadie with your hair? You'll get us all killed! Blaise!!"

Blaise yanked her away. "I didn't say you could advise me, go tell your father to break up with my mother instead!" He glared and went inside.

Faye scoffed, flipping her long hair.

"His character is getting more and more unbearable."

--

[Inside, Dressing Room]

The males dressing room is different from females, but for the sake of the twins who have to be in the same place all the time, a different dressing room was built for them, and Mercury uses that same dressing room with them.

Soren and Mercury have finished dressing, but Sadie is wearing only her leotard, and she's currently trying to get her tutu to her waist.

"Are you really gonna leave Blaise like that? Burn the West Palace with his family!" Mercury said.

"Leave him alone, you don't trust me?" Sadie smiled, finally getting her tutu to her waist. Her one eye is still wholly red.

She signalled at Soren with her thumb, and Soren immediately got it.

"You should come to the East Palace palace with us later. We have a welcoming ritual to do for the slave." He told Mercury.

"Really?" Mercury clasped her palms together in eagarness.

"I can't wait!!"

--

[12Pm, Warehouse]

Cheyenne had to inform the Slave Labor Camp about Shayla's punishment. She also had to clean up the Groove to get rid of her smell, and it took a lot of time.

Ryker had waited for her with Sage, so they left the palace late, and that's why they're just arriving right now.

Sage quickly jumped down from the big black car and rounded it. He almost opened the door for Ryker, but Ryker opened it himself.

He came out, looking like a symbol of richness in his pressed white shirt and loose black pants.

He loves free wears.

He enjoys robes, but it's not meant for this particular occasion. His hair is a little put together right now, but still healthy as always.

"I warned you severally...Do not attempt opening car doors for me. I'm not some king." He told Sage savagely.

"I always seem to forget. Pardon me, My Lord." Sage apologized.

Cheyenne came out of the car too, settling her figure beside the two.

Ryker's eyes shifted to the warehouse, and darkness loomed in there.

He didn't raise his hand as usual, his mind did the work this time.

The warehouse froze, getting covered by ice within a minute. It started cracking.

The workers inside ran out for their lives, and they were all lucky to get out before the building collapsed.

The moment the workers saw him, they voluntarily fell on their knees.

The collapsed building melted away behind them.

"Did your boss run off?" Ryker asked straight to the point, his stance so fuckin majestic.

"Our boss came earlier, but he didn't spend much time before leaving." One of the workers said.

Ryker slowly raised his hand with destructive intents, and that worker went from his knees to prostration.

"I swear! My Lord! It's not a lie! He left in about an hour before you arrived!! I'll never lie to you! I'm not crazy why would I lie!!" 

Ryker dropped his hand.

"Where did he say he was going?" Sage asked.

"America or something..." The worker quickly said.

"America?" Cheyenne frowned.

"That's in the human world. No one can travel to the human world without the crossover ladder, and to get access to the ladder, the managers collect more than ten bags of money. Your boss is a rich one." Ryker sighed, looking at the time.

"The ladder opens only at night, so your boss will surely climb it tonight at 7. By 7, I'm freezing this city." 

"Freeze this city? Everyone will freeze." Sage said.

"Isn't that the point? The boss will freeze on the ladder too, and we'll get him." Cheyenne said.

"We? We won't be with Our Lord! Did with forget that no one can escape his freezing ice? If he's freezing the city just to catch the boss, then we're freezing too. Meaning he'll be catching the boss alone." Sage said.

"So be it," Cheyenne shrugged.

"After catching the boss, you'll have to make the ice melt, but you can't melt that much ice from the city without your partner fire, and you haven't found your partner yet." Sage argued worriedly.

"Of course he can melt it, it'll only consume a lot of energy. Don't you trust him?" Cheyenne argued.

"But—"

"No pointless arguments, Sage. This city is freezing by 7" Ryker interrupted flatly.

Sage went quiet.

Cheyenne looked at Ryker and smiled proudly.

--

[East Palace, Slaves Labor Camp]

When Ryker told Cheyenne to make sure Shayla gets the highest workload, Shayla didn't think it'd be a work of death, but now she's experiencing it.

The others only have to carry shattered rocks on a bowl to the other side of the palace, but Shayla?

She's the one shattering the rocks. 

She was given a sledgehammer to do the work, and right from the first hit she gave the rock, she knew she was in for a lifetime of sufferings here.

Her tummy wound contributed a lot to it, and right now Xena's scarf that's around it is already soaked with her blood as the wound is bleeding again.

She's trying her hardest best to split the rocks, and she's really doing it 

She has split more than hundred bowls for the other slaves to carry, but she's still not fast enough for the slave supervisors.

They're holding sticks behind her, and each time she slacks, they beat her on the back.

Right now, the bowls of every slave is on the ground, begging to be filled, but Shayla can't even lift the sledgehammer anymore.

Her palm is full of big blisters, and they're bleeding too. Her sweat could compete with a stream.

The blood from her tummy is even soaking through her blouse.

She lifted her back, and five strokes of cane landed on her back from the supervisors immediately.

"Agh!!! I...I can't...I can't do this anymore!!" She cried, staggering.

She received more  strokes from the wicked canes, and her back peeled, bleeding out.

"Ahhh!! I really can't! I... I can't..." She sniffled, trying to reach her stinging back with her fingers.

"Go easy on her, she's a female, not a male." Lilith spoke from the midst of slaves.

"You're the slaves janitress doesn't give you the right to dictate to us." the supervisors replied.

Lilith smirked.

"Shayla the expensive slave?" Sadie's sad voice echoed from the base of the rock.

Everyone whipped around to see her there with Soren and Mercury.

"Crap?...I hate that she's beautiful. Let's start the torture from her face." Mercury said.

"Get down here, slave!" Sadie ordered.

--

[Slaves Wing]

The slaves are starting to return from the labor camp, and Xena is expecting Shayla to be among the first batch to arrive, but Shayla is nowhere.

Xena stood in front of the Wing Hall, looking so anxious.

She finished cooking dinner at 6 cos dinner here always come early. She had gone to the pharmacy to sneak a capsule for Shayla, and she needs to apply it before Shayla bleeds to death.

She's sure the scarf would be soaked with her blood right now since the bamboo stem is still inside her.

As the slaves entered the hall, Xena's anxiousness grew, till Lilith appeared.

"I see...150 billion got herself a new friend...that's cute." She said.

Xena stayed quiet.

"She got dragged away by the evil twins." Lilith said again.

"What!" Xena faced her.

"I bet she won't last a day after all. Pity." Lilith made fake pity faces before leaving.

Xena rushed out of the Wing Hall and was clutching at the capsule as she rushed towards the kitchen.

"No...not the twins. She's greatly wounded, if they touch her with their fire, she'd die..." She muttered.

She was so confused and worried that she didn't even look ahead, till she slammed into someone.

She came back to her senses with a gasp, looking up to see Jude.

"Grand Prince Jude? I'm so sorry! Please forgive me! Please!" She went on her knees, slamming her forehead to the ground repeatedly.

"Stop that, and stand." He spoke.

Xena quickly spranged up, her forehead slightly wounded.

"Why are you so out of it?" Jude asked, lids shadowed.

"The twins...they took Shayla." Xena reported.

Jude stayed indifferent for a minute, remembering their promise that they'd make Shayla eat pains 

Are they really manifesting that?

"What did you say?" Winona joined them, looking anxious too.

She's only just arriving with Kasia and Astor for the royal meeting, and she was about to leave the park when she heard what Xena said.

"Why are you here, Winona?" Jude asked. He didn't even pretend. It's obvious he doesn't like her.

"I didn't jump the fence. The West Palace got invited to a meeting here, so I came with my parents." Winona rolled eyes.

Jude threw his face away.

"Where did they take my girl to?" Winona asked.

"Your girl?" Jude scoffed.

"Stop this unnecessary drama and tell me where your evil twin siblings might take her to!" Winona glared.

Jude scoffed again.

There are many torture spots in this palace for slaves, but the twins would surely choose the least suspicious one, and he knows that.

"Follow me" he told Winona, then he led the way.

--

Shayla was blindfolded till she arrived at an unknown spot in the palace where the twins dropped her on the cold ground.

Her blindfold was removed, and she nearly screamed when she saw herself beside a deep old well.

The evil twins stood tall in front of her, together with Mercury who's grinning creepily.

This place seems like it's not part of the palace as there are straw grasses everywhere, but it's part of the palace cos she could still smell doom.

Shayla's pale lips parted to talk, but her throat hurts, so she couldn't even say a thing.

She looked at the well, fighting back her tears.

She arrived at the palace today, and today is already the worse day of her existence.

Maybe it's just better to die?

"Do you like it? The well?" Sadie squatted beside her, her perfume so intentionally choky.

Shayla didn't try to move back, she just sniffled, her eyes stinging.

"Don't worry, you won't die. But there are some hungry fishes inside the well, and they only eat faces. They'll eat that face of yours first, then we'll pull you out and start the real torture." Sadie smiled, stroking her hair like a dog's.

"Time is one minute to 7pm, and the torture of Shayla the slave starts!!" Mercury announced happily.

The twins eyes glowed.

They didn't have to use their hands, Shayla was magically lifted from the ground.

She shut her eyes, expecting to fall in the well anytime soon, but...

She has only lived as a slave all her life. She hasn't enjoyed anything.

Her plan is to escape this world one day, go to the human world to settle down peacefully, live well and eat good food for once in her life.

So she can't die yet.

She opened her eyes, and she screamed when she saw she's already on top of the well, ready to fall inside.

"No...no... please... Don't ruin my face!!! It's the only thing I have left!! Please don't ruin me!!! Please!!!"

That begging only increased the twins arrogance.

"Stop!!!!" Winona and Jude yelled from afar.

They're both running towards the scene already.

The well cover went off, and Shayla's cries turned sore as she began falling in, but then...

Like a dream...

Everything stopped at exactly 7pm.

And it's not the natural kind of stop.

Ice suddenly covered the place. The grounds, the atmosphere..

Even the evil twins and Mercury.

Jude and Winona too.

The well water also became ice.

Shayla fell from the well top to the ground, and she groaned painfully, looking so pitiful with the blood all-over.

Her blood stained the ice on the ground, colouring the whiteness.

She stood to her feet, her eyes so damn wide as she looked around.

What's going on?

She ran away from that part of the palace, holding her tummy.

She was matching ice cubes, slipping on ice carpets and going through ice doors like she's the only one left here.

When she got to the inner palace, she came to a fast stop, her breaths congesting hotly in her throat.

Ice has covered everyone here too.

The maids, the slaves, the cars in the park, the palace building itself.

Ice covered everything and everyone, EXCEPT HER.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️ HEART OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 7&8.

COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS IN TIME TOMORROW. I'M NOT GIVING COMPLETION DEADLINE YET COS WE'VE NOT REACHED THE TENTH CHAPTER, SO ENJOY THIS GRACE TILL THEN.

Reply My Comments, Drop Urs, Like and Share Massively.

Complete Requirements In Time.

★

Turning around in circles for over a minute didn't help Shayla's situation.

The confusion only got worse.

She asked 'what's going on' in her mind for uncountable times already.

"Ok, Shayla, calm down first." She told herself, placing an hand on her chest. She began taking slow steps away from her spot, moving forward.

"This palace is frozen, and it's possible that the whole city is even frozen, judging from the intensity of the blocks. Only one person here possess the ice element... Lord Ryker?" She muttered, stopping.

"Is it really him? But why would he freeze the whole city?" She blinked.

When she remembered her bleeding palms and stomach, she looked at the two, and she smiled when she saw the bleeding has stopped.. For Now.

The freezing cold temperature made the bleeding pause, and it'd resume whenever this ice melts.

It should better last for long, but come to think of it. Why did she not freeze like the others?

"Is it because I'm wounded?" She nodded, stopping in front of the Millions castle.

"Would have loved to escape this cruel city right now, but I don't even know where the crossover ladder is. Tough life, Shayla...tough life." She shook her head.

"I'll just have a tour then," she sighed, entering the castle.

She met Grand Supreme Zeke and Azura in the lobby.

They're with Kasia and Astor, about to move to the meeting room before this freezing happened, so they're all in walking positions as the ice covered them.

Shayla smirked lightly at Zeke's frozen statue. 

"You took him because his father slapped your wife's butt? Unbelievable...the more I get to know about Luminarians, the more thankful I am that I'm not one."

She went into the castle kitchen which looks like her dream bedroom. The kitchen is larger than the Slaves Wing Hall where 200+ slaves sleep every night.

And the food here? They're too good-looking, they made her mouth water.

She glanced at the kitchen wall clock, and she was surprised that it didn't freeze at all. Time is still running.

Only the people froze, time is unaffected. 

Cool.

She opened the deep freezer and got herself a turkey sandwich and a bottle of sparkling water.

She settled down in the silent kitchen and ate as much as she could, making sure she finished it all.

She washed it down with the water, disposed the bottle and sandwich bowl before leaving the castle.

When she got back outside, it's raining, surprisingly.

Ice rain, but there is a little bit of melting water in it.

She took off her skirt and blouse, now left in her old singlet and panty.

Though her hands hurts, but she still managed to wash her clothe, getting rid of the sweat and soil.

She returned to the Slaves Wing and hung the clothes on one of the hanging ropes inside.

Getting back outside, she stood under the pouring ice rain, feeling at peace with herself for the first time ever.

Even if it won't last, she'd treasure this moment forever.

She closed her eyes, hugging her almost naked body under the rain.

It's too good.

--

[Crossover Boundary]

Just like every other spot in the city, this place is frozen too.

The ice rain is still falling slightly, but it didn't affect the freezing.

The barricade steel lifted, and Ryker strolled inside, hair wet from the rain and body full of goosebumps from his own ice.

His clothes are slightly wet, especially the shirt which is literally his second skin right now. It's gumming tight to his wife chest, and he hates it.

His discomfort is obvious on his face, carving his brows as he made his move to the Managers desk.

Everyone there are frozen on their seats, and he was about to melt down one of them to ask questions when he sighted the person he came here for.

The boss.

He's holding a briefcase, going for the ladder room. His hand was already on the silver door knob before he froze there.

Ryker moved closer, touching his head slightly to give him a meltdown.

Immediately the ice melted from his body, he fell on the wall weakly, but when he saw Ryker, his back left the wall, and his knees hit the ground with trepidation.

"Lord Ryker!" 

Ryker stared down at him, his dark lashes lowering.

"One question. One answer. Where is Xena's twin presently?" 

The boss's eyes blinked twice, then he swallowed emptiness before mustering a fake smile.

"Xena? Your sister? She's a twin? I didn't even know.." he chuckled awkwardly. "I have no reason to know where she is."

Ryker's lip lifted—not a smirk, but a eerie smile which made the boss shift back. However, he wasn't lucky.

Ryker's palm conjured one sharp ice spike, and he sent it to him, the merciless edge driving into his chest.

"Ahhh!!" The boss fell on his butt, grabbing the chest tightly. His eyes rotated, and his heart felt like it was squeezing out hot lava instead of blood. Another groan left his throat.

Despite the freezing world, sweat formed in his armpits.

Ryker didn't move, didn't talk. His oceanic gaze didn't leave him either.

The second ice spike formed in his palm, and the boss went back to his knees, spitting out a little amount of blood as his chest is still squeezing.

"No... My Lord! I lied. I know her. I know Xena's twin. She came to my warehouse just last week, and I even thought she was Xena cos they looked exactly like each other, but then she told me she's the twin, and that she needed me to make her a perfume to mask her body scent." He confessed.

"And?" Ryker's palm folded. He took a step closer.

"And I made her the perfume, combining garlic and ginger and lemon...I made her the rare perfume, and she didn't even pay for it. She gave me a head strike, and I passed out. By the time I woke up, she was gone." He further talked, blood drooling from his lips.

"The exact time she came? What she wore? Her accent? Body tone?" Ryker asked calmly.

"I don't know the exact time, but the sun was already dipping below the horizon. She wore a short leather gown which looked like a knock-off, and her shoes were peeling. She had the same accent as you, and her body tone? Just like Xena's." The boss explained, hoping to get out of here alive, but that's just wishful thinking.

A second later, Ryker's palm went up again, conjuring three ice spikes.

"B..ut I told you everything you asked!" The boss stood, voice shaking.

"You lied at first. That's unforgivable. Lies are ugly, and I detest it." Ryker muttered.

The boss took two steps backwards, then he turned around.

He was already running out of the boundary, but the ice spikes drove into his back.

He stopped abruptly. His legs twisted, and his arms went limp by his sides. His mouth bursted out blood, splashing Ryker's face.

That eerie smile appeared on his face again as the boss's body hit the ground, completely dead.

He left the boundary, and as he walked away from the area, he couldn't help but feel more discomfort in his chest.

This isn't about his wet clothes. It's about something else.

He's supposed to be the only one unfrozen in this city right now.

This discomfort means there's someone else, and that someone has the ability to make him feel uncomfortable?

Him?

"Great talent, whoever you are..." He muttered, stopping in the middle of the road. Water rode down his white shirt softly. 

Is it the partner?

He might have been constantly pressuring Sage and Cheyenne to bring girls from the city to check for the mark, but he's actually not interested in finding the partner.

If he finds her, it's a bonus for The Millions Family. A bonus he's never gonna give to them.

So wherever that partner is, she should either die on her own, or never cross paths with him.

He didn't leave that road, and the blood smear on his face made him look murderous as he levitated, lifting himself from the ground.

He stood in the air with his two hands stretched out, connecting back with the ice.

He started the melting process, defrosting the city all alone.

And Cheyenne was right. It's consuming a lot of his energy.

He heightened the melting rate, and the meltdown process started.

--

[East Palace, Thirty Minutes Later]

The ice melted down completely, and the frozen people got their lives back at the same time.

Everywhere dried up like ice never happened.

Sadie, Soren and Mercury staggered, but they were quick to hold each other down.

Their eyes met, and their heads shot up, then their teeth clattered with cold.

"What just happened? Someone explain!" Sadie yelled.

"We were all here together before things went blank." Soren muttered.

"Are we still in Luminaria? Are you sure?" Mercury shook her head.

Jude and Winona faced each other too, their eyes wide.

"What was that?" Winona muttered, blowing steam out of her mouth.

"The hell is this cold?" Jude said, looking around to see the panicky state of everyone else.

It's like they were in a trance and just waking up. Nothing feels real.

"Shayla" Winona murmured, taking fast steps to the twins who're still looking confused.

"Where is Shayla?" She queried.

"How were you able to enter this palace with that stinky feet of yours! And you dare ask me about that slave? What disrespect is this!" Sadie charged forward.

Her one eye is still blind, and seeing the redness, Winona just knows it's her brother Blaise. Only his red hair has this blinding ability.

"I see you received a big share from Blaise. I wish he blinded your two eyes." Winona mocked.

"What did you just say?" Soren came closer, glaring.

"Is she mad?" Mercury scoffed.

"Where is Shayla?" Winona questioned again.

"Since you miss her so much, go inside the well instead of her, you powerless idiot!" Sadie pushed Winona's chest.

Winona didn't even stagger. She fell straight into the well with a piercing scream which shook the grounds.

Sadie leaned on the well edges, smiling... "If you can hear me Winona!! Your brother Blaise is dying soon! You don't really think I'd let him go freely after he messed with my eyes, right?"

She dusted her palms and left.

Soren and Mercury tagged along, all leaving Winona to her own fate.

Jude arrived beside the well some minutes later, holding a long thick rope which he suspended into the wall.

"Hold on to it, Winona!" He shouted, waiting for few seconds before starting to pull the rope up.

He felt heaviness, meaning Winona is already holding it.

He kept pulling relentlessly till he finally got her out, but surprisingly, her face is fine, and she's not soaked.

"The fishes didn't eat your face?" Jude scoffed, throwing down the rope.

"I can hide inside walls, so I hid inside the well wall. I didn't fall in the water." she sighed.

"What a useless power to have in this cruel city. Hide in walls? You're useless." Jude frowned, walking off.

"I used to be the most powerful in the Spectre family before your family stole the city from us." Winona replied.

Jude didn't stop or reply.

"Take me to the Slaves Wing to see Shayla. She wasn't in the well, so she's definitely fine." Winona went after him.

Jude quicked his steps, but Winona walked faster too.

--

[Millions Castle, Meeting Court]

The shock from the occurrence from some minutes ago is still in the bones of everyone, so even as they settled for the meeting, no one's talking.

Zeke is just sipping from his flute of wine, occasionally grunting as the liquor travelled down his throat.

Azura sat beside him, looking curious and confused at the same time.

Kasia and Astor are at the other side of the table, then a lot of clansmen from both families.

The atmosphere is always like cold this in their meetings, but it's colder tonight.

"Ryker actually froze the time?" Azura spoke up first.

"If he really froze time, then the time shouldn't be 7:36 right now. We got here at 7, so time has been running without stop." Zeke replied.

"How are you so sure?" Azura frowned.

"Whatever happened has nothing to do with Ryker. Also, he has been feeding the FrostOrb with his blood, and it consumes power, so how would he be able to freeze this whole city without his partner to meltdown for him? Do you know how big Luminaria is? You're telling me he did the freezing and did the meltdown all alone?" Zeke said.

"You're underestimating him, and I hate it! We both know the power he carries in his body, we saw it on the day he was born! He almost died cos he couldn't contain that power alone!" Azura stood angrily.

"And I'm saying it's not him! If he used that much power, the FrostOrb light would have turned off by now, but it's still bright. Calm down, Zura. I know what I'm talking about." Zeke huffed, trying to be calm.

Azura sat back, balling her ring-filled fingers. The ring in her nose glittered like her anger.

Kasia, Astor and the clansmen have been watching in silence, and they dare not talk till the meeting starts officially.

Astor is calm, but Kasia is glaring at Azura. She's not even hiding it, but Azura wouldn't even care if her eyes fell off.

Azura loves miserable people just like her evil twins.

Zeke cleared his throat before starting...

"The Grand Feast has been scheduled and marked in the city calendar. I called you here from the West Palace to discuss the date, but it seems that's gonna be for another day cos right now, there's a more pressing issue." 

"What could that be?" Astor asked politely.

To answer his question, Blaise was pushed into the Court. His hands are tied to his back, legs tied together too. Even his mouth is gagged, and he's bleeding from the face. He was slashed there with a cutlass obviously.

"Blaise!" Kasia spranged up.

"Blaise?" Astor stood too.

Blaise wanted to talk, but his gag stopped him, so he shook his head frantically, his slashed face looking terrible as his flesh is out.

"What have we done to deserve this scorching hostility? What!!! He's my only son, Azura!!" Kasia shouted.

"Shut up, Kasia!" Azura stood.

"This is beyond keeping quiet about. He's our son!" Astor raised his voice.

"He's not your son, Astor. Faye is the only child you seem to have" Zeke scoffed, grabbing his smoking pipe.

"But i married Kasia, and that means Winona and Blaise her children are mine too!! You've done your worse by snatching the city from us and dumping us in the West Palace! We didn't complain, and now you're gonna start killing our kids too? Grand Supreme!!" Astor yelled.

"One more word, and I'll force Ryker to freeze your tongue." Zeke warned.

Astor swallowed, biting the inside of his mouth.

"You should have brought him up well. How dare he blind Sadie's eye with his hair!" Azura howled.

"What! Blaise did what?" Kasia gasped.

Blaise wanted to talk again, but his gagged mouth wouldn't let him, so he just made unintelligible noises.

"I'm sure Sadie did something to deserve it. We all know how evil the twins are. Blaise wouldn't get angry just like that." Astor defended.

"I do not care, Astor. Blaise's hair is to be shaved completely, and he's getting fifty thunder strikes. That'd be his punishment tomorrow, and I don't care if he dies." Zeke pronounced.

"What! Fifty? He won't survive it!" Kasia's eyes widened.

"You should be glad I didn't order acid rain. Prepare to come watch his punishment tomorrow." Zeke glared.

Kasia and Astor went on their knees, begging...

"I'll take the thunder strikes instead." Kasia said.

"And you can shave my head instead." Astor said.

Azura chuckled cruelly.

"It's Blaise himself or no one." Zeke said with no room for negotiation.

Kasia began crying, and Astor had to hold her as Blaise was taken out of the court.

A messenger guard entered, going to Zeke and Azura's seats.

"Granny Jojo is awake." he reported.

"Granny?" Azura stood, smiling delightedly.

"Finally some good news" Zeke sighed.

--

[Sadie And Soren's Room]

The twins are in their pyjamas, both dark black like burial outfits.

They're laying in their different beds at each side of the room, pillows on their backs to tilt them up.

Mercury is laying in Sadie's bed with her, both sipping from the same cup of pineapple drink with straws.

Soren is on his phone, looking bored.

"I should have known you'd take it this far earlier when you were telling us to leave Blaise alone. He's gonna have his hair shaved and receive 50 thunderbolts? I can't just wait! He won't survive it, let's make a coffin gift for his parents." Mercury said.

"He should have known his place." Sadie shrugged.

Mercury looked over at Soren who has been quiet.

"Why is Ren always on his phone? Is he dating?" She asked.

Sadie's angry eyes met her immediately.

"Ren? It's Soren! Call it in full, you're not entitled to shorten it. And dating? No one can date him without my permission, just the way no one can date me without his permission. Besides, love? We'd rather eat poison." She said.

"I love the sound of that... poison." Soren chuckled from his bed.

"By the way...what about that slave girl... please tell me she's still gonna get fucked up." Mercury said.

"Don't you trust me?" Sadie smiled.

"Grand Prince and Princess! Granny Jojo is awake!" A guard announced by the door.

"What!!" The twins jumped down from the bed.

--

[Slaves Wing]

Xena is currently stepping out of the hall with Shayla, and Shayla looks better than before.

The ice had melted right in front of her, and though her clothes didn't dry up yet, she wore them like that.

At least they're clean now.

Xena came immediately the ice melted earlier, and she helped her remove the stem from her tummy wound. She sprinkled the capsule on it before wrapping another scarf on it since there's no bandage.

She also capsuled her palm.

If she's lucky, the wound will improve before tomorrow, but if she's not, then she's just unlucky.

"It was like time stopped one hour ago, I still don't understand." Xena said, looking confused.

"I'm still confused about it, too." Shayla lied, though she feels bad for not telling her the truth, yet.

She's just not ready to say it yet. She's very sure Ryker did the freezing, so if anyone especially him hears that she didn't freeze, that's additional trouble.

"You better come back earlier. We're going to the camp very early tomorrow, and also... I'll be locking the Slaves Hall door by 9" Lilith said vengefully behind them.

Both turned around, and Xena scoffed with disgust.

"The Slaves Hall closes by 10, stop this bullying." She told her, then pulled Shayla away.

They came across Jude and Winona right in front of the building.

The two of them are smiling gently, staring at Shayla like she's some jackpot to be won.

Shayla went behind Xena quickly.

"You got it wrong, my girl. I'm not gonna hurt you." Winona said.

"Your...girl?" Shayla frowned behind Xena.

"I'll call you that, hope you won't mind." Winona said warmly, her smile widening.

"Don't listen to this wall gecko, Shayla. How're you doing?" Jude asked kindly.

Ok...this is weird.

'Why are they behaving like rivals?' Shayla thought.

"You can talk to them, Grand Prince Jude is nice, and Winona is not bad too...she's from the West Palace." Xena said.

"I know them, they were bidding aggressively during the auction." Shayla said, coming out.

Winona nearly touched her hair, but the arrival of a guard stopped her.

"Your brother Blaise got 50 thunder punishment for messing with Sadie." He reported.

"What!" Winona screamed.

Another guard came by, bowing to Jude.

"Granny Jojo is awake" he said.

"Seriously?" Jude gasped surprisingly.

A minute later, Winona and Jude were already gone to tend to the news they received.

"Now some breath of non-toxic air" Xena inhaled.

"They don't look bad" Shayla said.

"I know, but listen... Shay. In this our world, trust no one. Not even me." Xena replied.

"I trust you," Shayla held her hand.

"Don't" Xena chuckled.

She led her to the Slaves kitchen.

--

[City, 8pm]

Ryker waited inside his car, sitting in the silence and breathing through the unrivaled serenity.

The car windows are down, and he's staring out of it, expression so ruffled and lacking warmth like his ice.

After the meltdown earlier, he was exhausted like he suspected, so he had returned to the car to rest.

He already recharged, though he'd still have to go soak himself in the hot Spring Pool later.

He has always felt Xena's twin in this city, but the problem is he couldn't trace her location with her scent.

Now he gets it.

Sage and Cheyenne entered the car from the two different sides, both panting like they ran here.

"My Lord, I forgot to ask about the FrostOrb. The light probably went off already, and if the Grand Supreme and his wife finds out that you're behind the freezing..." Sage said.

"The last time I wet the orb with my blood, I over-wet it, so no matter how much I exhaust myself, it'd stay aglow." Ryker said simply, winding up with his fingertips.

"I forgot you always have a backup. I was worried for nothing." Sage smiled, feeling relieved.

"Are you ok though? That freezing went too hard" Cheyenne asked.

"I'm fine. Ryker assured, and she smiled too.

"Did you find anything from the warehouse boss? Judging by the blood on your face, you definitely killed him. Is it because he didn't give you any info?" Sage asked.

"Xena's twin visited him last week for a masking perfume. She doesn't wanna be found, she has been masking her traces." Ryker said softly.

"But why?" Cheyenne asked.

"Obviously scared of the Grand Supreme. But now I know the perfume she got, and I know the scent to trace." Ryker stated.

"Why did you kill the warehouse boss though?" Sage asked.

"He lied," Ryker replied, getting down from the car.

"I'll go first" he coldly said, then he vanished as if he was never there.

"The way he hates lies needs to be studied..." Sage sighed.

"Add slaves to that list. That Shayla slave is about to cry from my tortures. How dare she enter the Groove. She was like...I'm...I'm not a slut. And it's very obvious she's lusting over My Lord." Cheyenne started the car.

"Just leave her alone," Sage said.

"I won't listen" Cheyenne shrugged, riding down the tar.

--

[East Palace, Granny Jojo's Chambers]

Granny JoJo is Azura's mother who fell into coma since two months ago as a result of her cold feet illness which seemed to be getting worse.

Luckily, she's up now, and the first thing she was given is the medicinal herb from the palace physician.

As she drank it, her grandkids stayed around her, waiting for her first speech.

The bowl of medicine went down from her lips, uncovering her face. 

She didn't age like normal grannies. Her grey hair is the only old thing about her. She looks well and agile.

"Granny!" Sadie sat by her right side.

"Granny, how're you feeling now?" Soren sat by her left.

"Welcome back, granny." Jude smiled in front of her.

"Mother, it's so good to have you back..." Azura gushed.

"Are you feeling any uneasiness, mother?" Zeke asked gently.

Granny Jojo looked around, waiting for another person to come inside. It's like their attention means nothing.

"My demigod, where's he? Where my Ryker?" She asked impatiently.

The smiles on their faces fell off, one by one.

--

[Slaves Kitchen]

Shayla has been chatting with Xena for more than an hour now.

They're doing the chats over cups of water since it's the only thing Xena could afford.

The rations of food in the kitchen always got measured and weighted, so no one can cook unless it's time to serve. The rules are tight.

The blowing fresh air made Shayla open her arms wide to embrace the freshness, but Xena hugged herself.

"Wait... Shay. With your thin clothes, you don't ever feel cold?" She asked.

"I've never felt cold all my life... even when I was in the Dark Room cage." Shayla smiled.

"I'm jealous" Xena muttered, frowning..."Your clothes look cleaner than it was before." 

"That's untrue, you just be seeing wrong. Where would I possibly get detergent and water to wash?" Shayla said, trying not to sound awkward.

She feels guilty for lying since Xena is the same person who told her her family story, but then... it's not time to burst the bubbles yet.

"Vashi plany na budushcheye" Xena suddenly asked.

"What language is that?" Shayla blinked fast.

Xena laughed, "That's our Morozov family language."

"Your family has its own language? Strange. So what did you just say?" Shayla asked interestedly.

"I asked what your future plans are. What do you plan to do if you luckily escape this city?" Xena translated.

"I want to go to the human world, eat good food and sleep and rest. That's all." Shayla said.

"What a simple-minded plan. I plan to become a ballerina." Xena said.

"Ballerina?" Shayla blinked.

"Yeah, a type of classical dance like the one the evil twins do in their school. You need to see how beautiful it is whenever they're practicing their moves at the Starr balcony. I'm sure you'd love it if I make you peek at them one day." Xena said.

"Maybe," Shayla shrugged." 

"I'll write you some of my family language and their meanings on paper for you to memorize. We can talk in secret when you get it to some point. And try to keep it from Lilith please." Xena said.

She went inside and came back shortly with a paper containing ten new words which she handed to her.

"Hide it from Lilith the short devil." Xena warned again.

"I will, thank you Xena..." Shayla took it happily.

"Time to go to sleep, Xena." The old chef entered the kitchen.

"Goodnight, Shay." Xena waved before joining the old man.

"Goodnight, and you too...sir." Shayla bowed at the old chef.

"Return to the Slaves Hall so you won't get locked out." He told her.

"Sure." Shayla nodded.

She folded the words paper and returned to the Slaves Wing, but the hall door is already locked.

Lilith actually did what she said. She locked her out.

She could already hear different snores from inside, meaning they slaves are asleep already, but she knocked anyways.

One, twice, thrice.

No one replied.

She stepped away from the door, resting her back on the pillar. The bleak lights shadowed her figure.

She looked at the corridor ground, thinking of sleeping there tonight, but she stopped herself before she could land on the ground.

She left the corridor, stepping out of the Slaves building completely.

The lights in this area is as bleak as the lights at the corridor, so she made sure her steps are cautious.

She's gonna find a bright light in another corridor and read the words Xena gave her before going to sleep.

She stopped walking suddenly, her breaths catching in her lungs when she sighted him.

Lord Ryker.

He's on his way to the Bamboo Groove, looking as foreboding as the darkness. His dark robe is back, and there's blood on his face again!

Now that she thinks about it, she hasn't seen him without blood on his face before.

She took a look at the Bamboo Groove, it's so bright with insanely white lights. She could count the bamboo trees if she wants right now cos of the intense brightness.

"Must be extra beautiful in there right now. That Spring Pool, I wonder what it'd be like to bath inside." She muttered, taking her eyes away from the Groove direction.

It didn't take long before she found another corridor. The lights aren't bright, but better than the Slaves Wing Corridor.

She got under the light and started reading the words and their meanings out, strolling round and round under the lights and trying to memorize them.

--

[Bamboo Groove, Spring Pool]

Ryker retired to this place immediately he got back to the palace. There's no place of peace for him cos his inner ice is always acting up with the intense coldness, but sitting in this hot pool reduces the coldness a bit.

His eyes are closed with the lashes entangled, body shirtless and lower body covered by his transparent long pants as usual.

He let the silence calm him, the water steam added to the slight warmness.

His stillness was uninterrupted till sounds began entering his ears.

Normally, he has sharp hearing and an extra sharp sense of smell, though he rarely uses them unless on special occasions...for his peace of mind.

But this time, his ears didn't even ask for his permission before the sound of the voice penetrated.

And that voice is reading nonsense in his family language.

He recognizes Xena's voice, so it's definitely not Xena.

So...who?

--

[Corridor]

"Krasarvistta?" Shayla muttered, staring at the last word in the paper she's holding.

She has been reading the words with no hindrance since the first one, but this last one is posing as a problem.

Xena didn't even write the meaning in front of it. She must have forgotten.

"Krasarvi...ugh! I give up. I already have a miserable life as a slave and I'm even gonna be sleeping on the corridor tonight. I can't complicate my life further with Xena's family language." She groaned, resting her forehead on the wall.

"But then... Does Lord Ryker speak this language too?" She mumbled, taking her head away from the wall.

"He was taken away from his family immediately he was born, so he probably doesn't know the language...I get it." She muttered.

She didn't even realize she's starting to talk to herself.

"It's cool to have such unstoppable powers, but is it a must to be wicked? I can't believe he actually raised me up the air without touching me...that wicked hand of his." She scoffed, raising her hand up.

"Was it like this?" She muttered, trying to stand like him.

She cleared her throat thoroughly, deepening her voice...

"Since you love death so much and even came here boldly for it, I'll gladly give it to you." She mimicked his voice, chuckling.

"The arrogance..." She chuckled again before turning to the other side.

Then she stopped.

Her heart skipped three...

No—five beats.

Her hand dropped, and her eyes went wider than she could explain cos...

He's right there, in front of her.

Ryker.

Open chest, frosted face, tilted head, scent of doom.

Shayla stepped back—three steps away from the bloodthirsty demigod.

"Continue," his voice dropped deep, hitting her chest like a mallet.

"Sir? I mean... My Lord?" She moved back again, eyes still expanded. Her back kissed the pillar.

"Raise your hand, and continue your show. I'll be your viewer. How's that?" He ordered calmly, but it echoed.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️ HEART OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 9&10

This is the tenth chapter, and it's the chapter where I start taking my requirements serious like y'all know. Check the new requirements and complete it before awaiting the next chapter tomorrow.

I'll never post with incomplete requirements.

Sit tight and take your time, cos if it takes days, then I'll fuckin wait. I have a feeling we'll be getting a lotta breaks in this book and I'm fine with it. I'm due for rest actually.

And to y'all commenting "interesting"  we don't do that here. Say something about what you read, or I'll ban u.

Reply All My Comments, Drop Yours, Like, Share Massively.

★

Shayla didn't have the balls to stare up at him, but his gaze stayed on her, demanding the right reaction to what he had ordered her to do.

Her head only went up once, and the moment she did, their eyes met for the first time. She fell on her knees.

"I... Was. I was wrong. It was wrong to play with your words. Please find somewhere in your benevolent heart to pardon me." She rushed the words then bowed again, her forehead meeting the ground.

"Benevolent?" Ryker's voice picked up. Her head raised.

"You said I was arrogant and wicked. Benevolence and those two can never go hand-in-hand. I ordered for your continuation, not your knees on the ground." He said without mincing words, taking his seat on the windowsill that's on the corridor.

He looks damn serious, and it's not like she was expecting a joker, but still... telling her to continue mimicking him is a little—

"Keep me waiting for one more second, and your blood will be on my face." He interrupted her thoughts.

Shayla swallowed, bringing her legs together before standing. 

The restraining chains rang as they dragged against the ground, but that wasn't enough to soak the silence that followed.

She cleared her throat again, tilting her head before continuing her mimick.

"Drag her out, make sure she gets the heaviest workload at the labor camp everyday. And clean this Groove thoroughly. Clean out her smell." She said in his voice, and she surprisingly didn't sound awkward.

Ryker sat there, watching silently without a word, so she released a long needed breath...

"I do not smell though. If I do, you wouldn't be able to sit in this corridor for two straight minutes when I'm also here." She said boldly.

"You've been counting the minutes? Bold." He stood back.

"No no I dare noy. My mind just keeps records very accurately, and it tells me the time even if I don't see any clock. I memorize things pretty fast." She said gently.

"Is that why you still remember all the words I said this morning at the Groove?" He replied, voice still powerful but less intimidating now.

"I don't have to memorize it, things simply stay in my memories."

Silence followed that statement, and Shayla's eyes blinked again as the weight of his gaze settled on her.

It felt like forever before he talked again...

"And stop reading nonsense in that language. It's disturbing to the ears."

"Disturbing? But it's your... family... language." Shayla muttered.

"It's disturbing coming from YOU. You're reading nonsense." He replied blankly, and she went quiet.

He started walking out of the corridor, taking his looming presence with him, but then he suddenly turned back...

"And the correct pronunciation is krasavitsa, meaning beauty in the Morozov family language." He corrected.

Shayla smiled lightly, taking a bow. "Thank you, My Lord."

"Durak..." Ryker muttered gloomily before taking his leave completely, leaving the corridor the way it was before he came.

"Durak? What's that?" Shayla muttered, checking the paper with her. It's not one of the words Xena wrote, and she's dying to know what it means cos she's sure it's not something good. 

He probably insulted her.

"Well i'm luckily alive. Maybe he's in a good mood today, and that's why he didn't hurt me after catching me mimicking him." 

She folded the paper into her skirt and left for the Slaves Hall.

She knocked again, but she still got no answer from inside, so she lay on the corridor ground.

The stones and sand prickled her back since the ground is not concreted, but it meant nothing.

She was staring up at the almost broken planks on top of the roof, muttering durak repeatedly before she fell asleep right there.

It didn't take long before Jude entered the corridor.

He left Granny's chamber long ago, and he has been hanging around the Slaves Hall since then.

He saw when she went to the other corridor and when Ryker came to meet her. 

He watched everything from afar then he followed her here and waited till she fell asleep before coming out.

He did a squat beside her, bringing out his phone and shinning the flashlight to see her better.

Seeing the ground she's sleeping on made him nearly shed tears.

'C'mon, Jude. She's not the first slave to get sold here, so why feeling this bad for her?'

He stopped the tears before they could fall, his lids lifting when he saw her knotted stomach wound and the wounds on her palms.

Xena might have poured capsules on the wounds, but with this extreme cold weather, capsules won't do it. The wounds will probably open up tomorrow again.

He placed his hand close to her tummy, transmitting white fumes to her body to heal her.

Healing his own wounds takes ten minutes at least, but to heal others, it won't only take more minutes but also consume almost all his energy.

He's good at fights, but his healing ability is still very weak.

But he did it anyways. He stayed there for more than thirty minutes, healing her tummy.

By the time he was done, he was already bleeding from the throat.

He stood and rushed to the corridor edge to spit blood, then he weakly came back to squat beside her again.

Sensing she must be feeling cold, he took off his jacket and covered her with it, gently.

But Shayla changed positions, and the jacket fell off her body.

Jude covered her with it again. Still same, she shook it off sleepily as if she likes the cold.

He took the jacket and spread it on the ground instead, so when she changed positions again, she slept on the jacket.

He stood and wiped the bloodstain in his lips with his palm before leaving the corridor, returning to the main castle.

Lilith opened the hall door after he left. She came out with her contemptuous look, sucking her teeth as her short shadow appeared on the wall.

"Don't tell me he's in lov—no. I must be crazy to even imagine that." She muttered, looking down at Shayla.

"She's not all that, so why would he heal her wound despite the fact that it made him weak? What's so special about her?" She grimaced.

"He even spread his jacket on the ground for her to sleep on? This is the height of it..." She mumbled, dragging the jacket away from Shayla's beneath.

"The hell! It's the popular studded jacket he bought for millions from the family store last month!" She gasped shockingly.

"I can sell this and actually make some money. I guess it's my lucky night." She smiled, folding it had returning inside.

She locked the door again.

--

[Main Castle, Twins Room]

There hasn't been a moment of peace since the twins returned from Granny Jojo's chamber

Even Mercury couldn't calm them.

She just sat in bed, eating fries and ignoring the fit they're throwing.

"Why would Granny wake up and ask for him first? Is he the grandchild or us? I just don't understand." Sadie said by the door.

"You should have gotten used to it by now. No one likes us in this family, but they worship him like some god." Soren replied by the wall.

"He's a Demigod, so it's only normal if they worship him." Mercury said.

"Shut up!" They yelled at her, and she held her lips with her fingers.

"I'mma get some fresh air outside." Soren buttoned up his pyjamas shirt and left the room.

"You know we can't be apart, Soren Millions!" Sadie shouted.

"Nothing is gonna happen, I'm going to the lobby, not exactly outside." Soren replied, never looking back.

Sadie fell in bed, sighing heavily.

"By the way what's your plan for the slave girl?" Mercury inched closer.

"You even seem more eagar than me" Sadie said, closing her eyes.

"I just can't stand servants with pretty faces..." Mercury shrugged.

"After Blaise's punishment tomorrow, we start her own plan." Sadie said.

Mercury stood from the bed, pacing the room. "At the upcoming Feast, the school is gonna perform, right?"

"Why asking me? Your mother is the owner of the school so you should be well-informed than me. But I really wish we'd perform. It's hightime I show the whole of this city how good my ballet skills are." Sadie proudly said, opening her eyes.

"I'll ask mum when I get home tomorrow, but if we're really gonna perform, it'd be you, me, and Soren in the center." Mercury sat back.

"As usual," Sadie smiled.

--

[Lobby]

Soren arrived and grabbed the remote to watch ballet practices on TV, but he was surprised to see Jude sitting on one of the sofas.

Jude is glaring vengefully at him, and for the first minute, he got so scared that Jude might try something, now that Sadie isn't here.

He easily mind-linked with her...

'Come to the lobby' he communicated through his mind, and Jude stood, coming for him.

Soren shifted back, putting space between them immediately.

Before Jude could get to him, he felt blood clog in his throat, and he stopped to spit out the blood.

He's still suffering backlash from healing Shayla with his powers, and he's still very weak.

A glad smile covered Soren's lips, he boldly went closer to Jude.

"What happened to you, big brother? You can't even face me when I'm alone? I bet you're even weaker than our baby of the house at this rate." He said with jest.

Jude couldn't even move. He dropped on the nearest couch, wiping his bloody lips again.

Soren left the lobby, meeting Mercury and Sadie who're just coming downstairs.

"Did Jude try anything funny? Tell me so we can kill him right here. Our parents won't even ask for his corpse." Sadie said.

"He wouldn't dare. Dude is so weak, he couldn't even face me when I was alone." Soren arrogantly said.

"I knew he was hopeless" Sadie grinned.

Mercury went to Jude, waving her hand tauntingly at him.

"So not sorry, hopeless Jude..." She mocked before joining the twins.

With continuous laughter, they went back upstairs.

Jude lay on the couch, shutting his eyes as blood drooled out of his mouth.

--

[Granny Jojo's Chamber]

Azura and Zeke are still here with the old woman, trying to coax her to sleep, but she's not listening.

Her back is in bed, but her eyes are widely open as she kept staring at the door, expecting Ryker.

"You should take your sleeping pill and go to sleep, mother." Azura's tried persuasion again.

"I just woke up from a two months coma, and you're talking about sleeping pills again? Haven't I slept enough?" Granny Jojo said wearily.

"But you still have to rest to be able to function well tomorrow morning." Zeke insisted.

"I'm not closing my eyes if I don't see him, so quit trying." Jojo replied, and then as if planned...

Ryker entered the chamber, his presence filling everywhere.

"Ryker" Granny Jojo sat up in bed, joy appearing in her features.

She stood and met him halfway when she couldn't wait anymore. She held his shoulder blades with her two hands while staring up at his face with a round smile like he's his real grandchild.

"It's so good to see you're doing well, Ryker." 

"How're you feeling?" Ryker asked, and her smile brightened.

"I'm well, even more well now that I've seen you." 

"Sit, don't exhaust yourself." Ryker said, and she nodded, following his lead back to the bed.

Azura and Zeke left the chamber angrily, unable to take the shower of affection to Ryker, a mere bastard.

Jojo sat in bed, and Ryker sat on a stool in front of her.

"Did you find Xena's sister yet?" She asked worriedly.

"No." Ryker replied straight.

"I wish I knew where Zeke hid Xena's lifeline, but one of Zeke's crazy talents is hiding things where no one would suspect, and I feel sorry that I can't even help." Jojo said guiltily.

"Quit this talk, Grann. You're not at fault. It's my fault for getting born with the millennial ice power." Ryker cautioned her.

"So what about your partner? Did you find her yet?" Jojo asked.

Ryker stood from the stool, taking few steps away from her.

"I don't wanna find her. I don't wanna see her." 

"But you need her. If you find her, then she can help you with your everyday cold. With her, you won't be needing the spring pool again. She'd shower you with her warmness and you both can become unstoppable together." Jojo stood.

"And did you forget the second option? If she's found, you know what Azura and Zeke would do to her." Ryker faced her.

"So you're protecting her indirectly?" Jojo smiled.

"Protect her? I don't care about anyone that's not me or Xena. Those are the only two lives I have to protect." He replied sharply.

"So you're still mad at your father?" Jojo sighed.

"He deserves to die the moment he decided to leave my mother in labor at home and visit that bar that night, getting drunk to the point of hitting Azura's back and causing the death of my mother, throwing I and Xena in this hellhole. I'm only waiting for the right moment to have his blood on my face." Ryker spoke without attachments at all.

His hate and resentment is too much, and it left the old woman speechless.

"Go to bed, Grann. The night is getting too old." He said, guiding her back to bed.

He lay her down and covered her with her thick pullover blanket.

There are slim slices of ice on his skin. Jojo took his hand when he saw it. She caught the flu immediately.

"You can't keep suffering in cold like this, Ryker. Find your partner. Azura and Zeke truly have plans for her when you find her, but you can still protect her in your own way. You can do it, and you know it. You're not scared of the Family, I know you're not that frail. You're only scared that if you find that partner, she'd become a even bigger weakness." She said.

"Go to sleep" Ryker replied, slipping his hand away from hers and tucking it under the blankets too.

He left the room after putting the lights out, but the moment he got out, he received a text on his phone.

He rarely touches his phone, so it's still as sleek as the day he started using it.

He slid it open, seeing a pleading message from the West Palace.

It's definitely from Kasia and Astor.

He heard Blaise got 50 thunders as punishment, and he's not even surprised.

Azura and Zeke are very overprotective of the twins, so touching them means death.

They must be wanting him to intervene tomorrow during the punishment.

Why would he even intervene when it'd be fun to watch another death?

--

[Heartless Tower, Knights Quarters]

Thanks to Ryker, there's a really big playhouse in the quarters, majorly for Cheyenne and Sage's power practices.

They're both inside, testing each other's abilities and energies.

Cheyenne's nails are out, and Sage is holding a small black rope.

Their practice uniform should be soaked with their sweats right now if this place is not a home of ice. They've been practicing for more than an hour.

Cheyenne ran forward, leaping in the air with too much ease and coming down for Sage with her nails, but he was smart to back the wall intentionally.

When she landed at his face, he curved his rope on her wrists.

That small rope turned long, and he wrapped it on her arms too, up to her elbows.

"I only allowed you to catch me, don't be arrogant later." Cheyenne laughed.

"You're the arrogant one here, so you're saying I can't beat you? Your nails are useless against my rope." Sage smiled with a lip bite, unwrapping the rope from her arms.

The rope went back to the small form, and he wore it on his wrist like a bracelet. Cheyenne's nails retracted too, and they both lay on the floor together, catching their breaths.

"You think Blaise is really gonna die tomorrow? Honestly I want him to die. It's been long since I watched thunder punishment here." Cheyenne said.

"You and Lord Ryker are so the same. Why obsessed with blood?" Sage faced her.

"When you kill someone suddenly, their blood is always warm, and he loves that warmness on his face, so he loves killing to spill blood. And besides, he's always more goodlooking with his bloody face." Cheyenne shrugged.

"I just hope we find his warm partner soon. Him soaking in that Spring Pool for half of his days isn't making me happy." Sage said.

"He doesn't look like someone who wants to find a partner...I don't see him in any romance boat soon... it's unimaginable." Cheyenne lay back.

"What do you mean? If he's not interested, then why always telling us to gather females to check for the mark?" Sage said.

"You don't understand him, but I do." Cheyenne sighed.

Sage just went quiet.

--

[West Palace]

It's another sad night, and no one is sleeping. Blaise is still in captivity at the East Palace.

It was Kasia who messaged Ryker earlier, and they're still awaiting his response.

"He never replies texts, I'm telling you. Ryker never types." Winona said.

"I don't want him to reply, I want him to come!" Kasia snapped.

"So what if he comes? You think he'd agree to help? He loves seeing people die and I'm sure he'd take the front seat at Blaise's punishment arena tomorrow." Winona argued.

"Stop talking badly, Winona. There's still time before daybreak, meaning we can still save Blaise. Don't jinx it." Astor said.

"And Faye, why have you been silent?" Winona faced her.

"My words wouldn't make Blaise come back, just leave me." Faye replied.

"Faye!" Astor cautioned.

"I get that you hate me and Blaise, but showing a little concern won't kill you." Kasia said.

Before Faye could reply, Ryker entered the lobby, steps deliberately slow but precise.

Kasia met him halfway, blocking him completely with teary eyes.

"You have to help us tomorrow. Blaise can't die.  You're the only person I could think of. I can't lose my only son." She sobbed.

"And if I say no?" Ryker muttered.

"I know you don't care about lives, but please... please save Blaise." Astor came closer too.

"What if I said no?" Ryker repeated.

"Are you trying to rile us up and get on our last nerves?" Winona stepped in, crying so much.

"If Blaise dies in there, then we won't sit still!"

"You can do nothing. If you're really gonna do anything, you'd have fought and brought Blaise back home. But you know if you did that, Azura and Zeke would kill y'all in a blink, so you layed low and decided to call me... it's predictable." Ryker said curtly.

"But you have no reason to turn us down!" Faye stood finally.

"If you weren't born, this family would still be ruling the city right now. Your birth brought the FrostOrb which we were dethroned with, so basically you're the reason we lost this city! You have no reason to not help!" She said angrily.

Next minute, she tumbled on her own, landing on the ground and bleeding water from the mouth so much that it soaked her dress in the front.

"Faye!" Astor rushed to hold her up. She's panting for breaths, eyes opening and closing abnormally.

"Faye!"

Winona and Kasia exchanged glances, they stepped away from Ryker.

"Bold of y'all to think you can invite me here and threaten me with my existence. I didn't kill anyone here tonight doesn't mean I won't do it later, so mark your limits, I'm not a cliche demigod from the bright side." He warned and left as suddenly as he came.

Faye is still coughing on the ground, but her watering mouth has stopped. She still can't talk though.

"I think he did something to her voice..." Astor said.

Winona opened Faye's mouth, and just like she suspected, her tongue is frozen.

"He froze her tongue..." She muttered.

Faye was already crying before she could finish the statement.

"That bastard..." Kasia sniffled.

--

[Next Morning, East Palace~ Slaves Hall]

The chatters of the other slaves as they came out of the hall was what woke Shayla up.

She sat up on the corridor with a gentle yawn, and she expected her tummy to react to it, but it didn't.

She quickly rolled up her blouse and unwrapped the scarf.

She was shocked to see her wound has closed up like it was never there.

"What happened? I was still wounded here before I went to sleep.." She muttered, pressing the tummy.

"Grand Prince Jude probably likes you...I saw him healing you last night." Lilith said beside her.

Shayla stood. "Why would you lock me out last night?"

"Are you insane? You're questioning me? You were out late and I locked the door as the janitress!" Lilith glared.

"This is why you'll never grow taller!" Shayla said before she knew it.

Her breaths refused to calm as she stepped away from the corridor.

Lilith sighed, smirking...

"That wench, i should probably find a way to tell Grand Supreme Zeke about his son's feelings for a slave. Maybe she'd get killed?" She said, returning inside.

--

[Slaves Kitchen]

Xena was counting pies inside the serving basket, and the old chef was pouring the custard in the big bowls when Shayla arrived.

She waited patiently till they were done, and Xena came out to meet her.

"Did you sleep on the ground? Your back is dusty." She said immediately, rubbing her back with her palm.

"I was locked out, so I slept on the corridor ground." Shayla said.

"Oh dear...I'm sorry about that. Lilith is terrible" Xena sighed.

"It's fine, but my wound healed before daybreak, and Lilith was telling me it's Grand Prince Jude...I don't understand." Shayla said.

"Seriously?" Xena quickly pulled up the blouse from Shayla's tummy.

"It's really gone, oh my gawd, I knew it! I knew he had a soft spot for you!"

"For me? Why?" Shayla blinked.

"Why why? You're beautiful. Look at your luscious lips and lofty eyes." Xena said, and Shayla quickly took her lips into her mouth.

"I don't think so... maybe he just pities me...yunno?" She said.

"No he definitely lik—"

"Shh" Shayla cut her off, and Xena giggled.

"I forgot to ask who Granny Jojo is" Shayla frowned.

"She's the Granny of this place, Azura's mother." Xena explained.

"Oh... Shayla nodded."

"And the news has been confirmed. Winona's brother is really gonna get punished with 50 thunders." Xena broke the news.

"Seriously?" Shayla's eyes widened a bit. "Why? They already took the city from the parents, why trying to kill the children?"

"Cos he blinded Sadie's eye with his hair, and I heard they're gonna shave his head too." Xena fully explained.

"What! That's...too much." Shayla muttered.

"Nothing is too much in this place, Shay. This place is cruel, and that's why I told you to never trust anyone. Just hope for liberation." Xena said.

"So they're really gonna kill him?" Shayla said worriedly.

"By 10am, the thunder arena would be opened, and he'd receive the strikes." Xena said, sighing out again.

A instrumental song suddenly whirred into the air, causing Xena's eyes to widen.

"That sound! It belongs to the twins, meaning they're practicing at the Starr balcony. Let's go watch!" She pulled Shayla's wrist.

"But you're gonna serve breakfast to the hall!" Shayla pulled back.

"Not until 8, and time is still past 7. There's still time." Xena cleared.

"What about the main castle?" Shayla asked, trying to be free of trouble.

"I and father wake up at 4 everyday, and by 7, we finish cooking both in the slaves kitchen and the castle kitchen. Breakfast is completely done so stop worrying and come!" Xena pulled again.

Shayla didn't resist. She followed her, and though the chains on her ankles slowed down their rub, they shortly arrived at the back of a pillar beside the old park.

From there, they peeked out to the Starr balcony where the twins are practicing their ballet with Mercury. 

The moment Shayla set eyes on them, she couldn't blink nor look away from their moves.

Their dress up, their moods, the way they became one with the music.

It's so beautiful to watch.

"See? I knew you'd like it. I love the dance so much." Xena whispered beside her.

"Wow," Shayla muttered, looking stunned. Stars sparkled in her eyes, and she smiled as she watched.

She wants to do that.

She wants to be a ballerina too.

"My future plans restructured. I'll escape this city and go to the human world, eat good food and sleep then become a ballerina." She said.

"Future deal" Xena raised her palm.

"What?" Shayla muttered, not understanding.

Xena took her palm, slapping it with her own.

"Deal" Shayla smiled.

They parted ways at the park.

Xena returned to the kitchen while Shayla made her way back to the Slaves Hall.

She was still on her way when she saw an oldie not far from herself.

Dark hair, but her face says she's old, and as she walked, she held her sides, looking tired.

"The Granny?" Shayla muttered, then she continued her walk.

She barely went two steps before looking back again, seeing that the woman is swaying as she walked.

It's like she wants to fall and pass out.

Shayla changed lane, rushing to her. She held the woman before she could fall, and the woman also held on to her tightly.

"Ma? Ma'am!" Shayla blew air on her face, trying to keep her alive. She's also caressing her wrist, putting pressure on her pulse.

"Ma!"

Granny Jojo's eyes opened slightly, she slid her arm on Shayla's shoulder, using her as support.

"I heard you just woke up from coma, you shouldn't be walking yet, ma'am." Shayla said.

"There," Jojo pointed with frailty at her chamber route.

Shayla guided her there, making sure their bodies stayed together as anchor till they arrived at the building behind the castle.

Jojo opened the door, and Shayla further helped her in, setting her in bed. She supported her back with a pillow.

"You should rest a bit more, and drink water." Shayla poured her some water from the jug on the room table, bringing her the cup.

Jojo took the cup and drank without arguing, the young lady took the cup from her and set it down.

"Rest well, ma'am. I should take my leave. If any of the family finds me here, I'll get killed with thunder too." She bowed.

"Stop!" Jojo said before she could even take a step.

Shayla paused, their eyes meeting.

"Who are you?" Jojo asked.

"Shayla, a new slave. Lord Ryker bought me." She replied.

"Oh...it's you." Jojo smiled.

"Yes, ma'am." Shayla politely said.

"How did you know to rub my wrists and blow air on my face earlier? I could have passed out and slipped back into coma if you didn't do it." Jojo asked.

"It's a secret," Shayla said boldly, and Jojo smiled again.

"Secret?"

"Yes. Slaves can keep secrets too. And I'm not trying to disrespect, but I'm just...not very ... open." Shayla slowly replied, and Jojo chuckled this time, sounding amused.

"You're bold" 

"I'm not trying to be bold, though..." Shayla blinked, and the woman smiled again.

"You're oddly interesting too, and adorable. I'll reward you for bringing me back here. What do you want?" 

"Me?" Shayla touched her own chest.

"Don't ask me to free you cos I don't have that power, but ask anything else." Jojo said.

"Then can I ask... two?" Shayla said slowly.

Jojo chuckled again. "Two? Again, you're bold."

"I'm sorry, ma'am." Shayla apologized with a quick bow.

"Go on, let's hear what you have to say." Jojo got serious.

"The boy from the West Palace, can you...help him... revoke his thunder punishment?" Shayla asked.

"Someone from the West Palace is getting a thunder punishment?" Jojo frowned.

"Yes. The male child. I just feel like... it's... unfair." Shayla said firmly.

Granny Jojo stared into space for a minute, then she looked at her...

"Fine, done. What's the second one?" She asked.

Shayla's stomach rumbled in response to that, and her eyes met with Jojo again.

"I'm guessing the second one is good food?" Jojo asked.

"Can I... really?" Shayla asked slowly.

Jojo got her telephone from beside the bed, calling the castle kitchen.

"Bring my breakfast in two portions." She ordered, dropping the phone.

"It'll be here shortly, have your sit." She gestured at a stool—same one Ryker sat on yesterday.

Shayla bowed again and had her sit. If she's gonna go do the work of death at the camp today again, she needs good food, not the custard and pie.

"Who were your parents?" Granny Jojo's question made her look up.

"Huh?"

Jojo remained silent, and Shayla remained silent too, just staring into space. That's a subject she doesn't wanna say. Not now.

"It's ok, maybe it's one of your secrets.  You don't have to tell me if you don't want to." Jojo said.

"Thank you, Grand Granny."

"Grand Granny?" Jojo laughed. "Just call me Granny."

Shayla suddenly shot up from the stool, remembering something.

The word Ryker said last night.

"Durak"

"Durak?" Jojo squinted.

"Don't mind me." Shayla sat back.

"That's a word from the Morozov family language" Jojo said.

"You know it?" Shayla smiled up.

"Of course. And durak means FOOL." Jojo translated.

Shayla's face fell immediately, her arms dropped.

"He... called me a fool?"

"Who?" Jojo asked, just not getting enough of her voice.

"Lord Ryker." Shayla muttered.

"Ryker? Ryker talked to you?" Jojo said surprisingly.

"Last night, I was senselessly mimicking him in a corridor. I called him arrogant, and he caught me. He ordered me to continue." Shayla mumbled, and Jojo chuckled.

"And? So what happened after that?"

"Of course I continued, and he called me durak. I'm not a durak." Shayla muttered, and Jojo laughed out louder this time.

Shayla blinked, wondering why she has been laughing and chuckling.

Is she that funny?

Meanwhile, by the front door of the chamber, Ryker stood with Cheyenne and Sage by his sides.

He came here with the purpose of discussing Blaise's punishment revoke with Jojo, but he stood by the door when he heard that disturbing voice from last night.

Shayla's.

He has been listening to her conversation with Jojo.

Cheyenne and Sage just stood by his sides, wondering why he's not going inside.

"Fine...fine... you're not a durak, ok?" Granny Jojo's voice said from inside.

"Yes I'm not," Shayla mumbled a reply, and Jojo laughed again.

Ryker's lips pressed a little bit. A soft but genuine smile hung on his lips corner, revealing his deep dimples before he knew it.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️ HEART OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 11&12.

Reply My Comments(everything), Drop Urs Personally, Like and Share Massively.

Complete Requirements In Time Tomorrow or nothing is coming on Monday.

★

The arrival of the old chef was what made Ryker step away from the door.

He had brought Granny Jojo's breakfast in two portions like she had ordered, but the moment he set eyes on Ryker, he smiled.

Ryker's eyes rolled away from him, but the old chef kept standing there, staring at him.

Ryker stayed stiff.

"Aren't you gonna go in?" Sage told the Old Chef, and that seemed to wake him up.

He placed a gentle knock on the door to announce his arrival before wheeling the food trolley into the chamber.

Granny Jojo's laughter stopped, but Shayla's eyes widened with satisfaction.

She didn't expect the meals to be this much, but here it is, looking like it was brought for ten people.

She touched her stomach, stylishly asking if it's ready for the upcoming devour journey.

"A good morning to you, Grandmother." Old Chef bowed, but the old woman stayed the way she was—unimpressed.

He began settling the food on the wide table, making sure to set it on two sides.

Turkey sandwich, fried turkey, congee as the main dish, and stewed fish. The meals all look too good, and Shayla's mouth was already watering.

"Dig in," Jojo told her.

"Thank you" she politely smiled and took a spoon...

"You should use a fork, it's easier to eat the turkey with it." Jojo said.

"I've never used a fork," Shayla looked up. The old woman blinked.

"When I was in my dark room cage, we weren't served with spoons, so I ate with my fingers, and when I came here at the slaves hall, I ate custard with a spoon." Shayla explained.

"I was thoughtless to say that, go on...eat." Jojo gestured at the food, her pity obvious in the way she's looking at her.

Shayla digged into the food, starting with the congee before the turkey, but despite her roots, she's gentle with it. She eats really gently.

Jojo was smiling as she watched her eat. She was so invested in staring that she didn't realize Old Chef is still in the chamber with them.

Ryker finally made his entry with his knights, and when Cheyenne set eyes on Shayla eating in the chamber, her nails grew angrily. 

She was already rushing to her with intention of tearing her to pieces when Granny Jojo stood.

"Stay back!" She ordered.

"Grandmother, she's dirty! You've been in coma for two months! Her presence is enough to send you back to coma! Entertaining her here might endanger you!" Cheyenne raised her voice.

"I wouldn't raise that voice higher if I were you." Ryker warned with a growl.

She looked at him, finding his glaring eyes on herself.

"I'm sorry, my Lord, but—"

"It's her chamber, and I won't stop her from taking your head if you say anything else. Raising your voice at her? It's dirtier!" Ryker snarled.

Sage touched Cheyenne's arm, urging her to do the right thing.

She went on her knees, interlinking her fingers in front of herself.

"Forgive me" she apologized, but the unfriendly look is still on her face as she sideyed Shayla.

And Shayla herself?

She knows what's going on, but she chose not to look up from her food. Labor Camp opens at 9, and it's some minutes to 9 already, so she can't afford to waste any time.

She's gotta eat every bite she can take before she'd leave.

"You will behave yourself the next time you enter here. I'm a Granny, not a play toy to be messes with." Granny Jojo said.

"I'm sorry, forgive me once again." Cheyenne replied.

Jojo sat with a heave.

"Stay outside, you and Sage." Ryker ordered.

Cheyenne got up, leaving the chamber with Sage.

"You should take your leave, Old Chef. I'll call you if I need additional dishes." Jojo told the man who has been standing speechlessly.

"I understand," he bowed, looking at Ryker deeply before leaving, his reluctance obvious.

Ryker took his seat, but Jojo didn't even look at him. Her eyes already returned to Shayla.

Seeing that, Ryker turned his neck a bit too, giving the foodie a gaze across the room.

"Isn't she so adorable?" Jojo said.

"You hated slaves and didn't want to have anything to do with them. You even refused to visit the Slaves Hall because of it, so what's so special about her?" He replied, bringing his eyes back to Jojo.

"I wanted to take a stroll earlier, but I didn't know it was too early to walk. I nearly passed out, but she guided me back here." Jojo explained.

"Take maids with you whenever you're going out, what part of that isn't understandable? There are cleaning maids in the main castle and just a telephone call would bring them running, why going out by yourself?" Ryker scolded.

"Maybe I love it when you scold me?" Jojo said intentionally.

"You're silly" Ryker scoffed, making her chuckle.

"I'm..I'm full." Shayla's voice interrupted them, but this time, only Jojo looked at her.

Ryker's face remained unturned.

"Thank you, and I won't take it for granted, Granny." She said, not bothering to use tissue on her lips before rushing out of the chamber.

"Just look at her, she's cute. I can only imagine how much cuter she'd be if she's not a slave." Jojo said fondly.

"Stop imagining the unimaginable, and talk about the West Palace boy." Ryker said.

"Shayla told me to help free him, and I won't talk to Azura or Zeke about it. Talking to them or begging them just boosts their ego. I'll visit the thunder arena myself by 10." Jojo said craftily.

"You have a plan?" Ryker asked.

"No I don't, but I trust you have one already, so I'm just gonna follow your lead and do whatever you say. What should I do?" Jojo asked.

--

[Outside]

Cheyenne is still sulking, and Sage is still trying to calm her down when Shayla came out of the chamber.

Cheyenne's nails grew. She walked few steps to Shayla, raising her nails and bringing it down to her arm, tearing her skin with four long lines.

Before Shayla could scream, Cheyenne covered her mouth with her palm, thudding her back on the wall. Tears welled in Shayla's eyes.

"You will not scream cos you're not entitled to scream. You're a slave, so behave like one! First was entering Lord Ryker's Groove, now you're entering Grandmother's chamber? Are you crazy? Who do you think you really are? Huh? I'm asking you!" She demanded, preparing to tear her second arm too.

"Cheyenne!" Sage tried pulling her away from the poor girl, but Cheyenne refused.

Shayla's torn arm has started bleeding now.

"And I knelt in that room, but you sat there and was eating like a slut! A slut that you are!" Cheyenne continued.

"I'm...I'm not a slut." Shayla sniffled.

Cheyenne would have torn her face apart immediately she said that, but Sage quickly pulled her away, putting space between them.

"Go! Run!" He faced Shayla.

Shayla ran out of the building, and Cheyenne pushed Sage away from herself.

"What do you think you're doing? You've always been on my side so what's going on!" 

"Stop it already! Why acting overprotective of Lord Ryker? You think he'd say thank you if he hears about this? You know how much he hates when we act without telling him first, so I'm warning you... don't get him angry, I don't want him to hurt you!" Sage slammed, and Cheyenne nearly laughed.

"Hurt me cos of a dirty slave? You deserve a knock on the forehead right now." She hissed, readjusting her hat on her head.

With a broom, she cleaned up Shayla's blood from the ground, doing it as smartly as possible.

Ryker came out of the chamber with Jojo, the old woman is holding his arm for balance.

They waited for Ryker to move forward before they followed behind, but Ryker suddenly looked back.

His eyes landed on Cheyenne's nails. Though they're back to short form right now.

"Is there a problem, My Lord?" Cheyenne asked innocently.

Without a reply, Ryker continued his walk with the granny.

Cheyenne looked at Sage, smiling wickedly as they followed.

--

[Slaves Kitchen]

Xena nearly screamed out her lungs when Shayla appeared with torn, bloody arm.

Even Old Chef looks shocked.

"What animal did this to you!" Xena gasped.

"It's not an animal. You don't know the only person with long nails weapon in this place?" Old Chef said.

"Wait... Cheyenne?" Xena blinked.

"I dunno," Shayla wiped her tears before continuing. "She's the beautiful female who always follows Lord Ryker around."

"That's Cheyenne" Xena muttered.

"She must have gotten angry cos she knelt, and she took it out on you." Old Chef said, and Shayla nodded.

"Father arrived from the chamber and told me he met you there. I was already so happy that you're clicking with Grandmother, but Cheyenne had to do this? I've never liked her. I bet she likes Lord Ryker, and why did you call her beautiful?" Xena scoffed.

"Cos she's beautiful?" Shayla said.

"Beautiful my foot! Who's interested in her beauty? Geez, what do we do about your arm? You have to go to the camp to work. You can't go like this" Xena muttered.

"I have leftover capsules though," she said further.

"And I have a short bandage, though it's rough but it's still a bandage." Old Chef said, digging out of one of the kitchen old pots.

Xena got the capsule remnants, cleaning blood from the wound before capsuling it.

She wrapped it with the bandage, making sure the knot is secure.

"You should be fine till the end of the camp today, that's if they don't overwork you." She said.

"I'll manage, thank you. Thank you, Old Chef." Shayla said.

"It's fine, you should go now." He nodded.

Shayla stood, pulling two turkey portions out of her skirt pockets.

"Oh my Shaylaaa" Xena gushed, taking them from her.

"You can share it with him, I'll see you later" Shayla waved, rushing off.

"When last did I eat meat! Finally something to eat instead of custard!" Xena brought the wrapped turkeys to her nose, sniffling the aroma.

"Father...great breakfast" she winked, and the man smiled as they entered the kitchen together.

--

[Main Castle, Lobby]

Jude had slept here till daybreak. 

He didn't go to his room. He wasn't even aware of when he slept off last night cos of the pains, but now that he woke up to a fresh morning, he feels better.

He sat up on the couch, wiping the lingering sleep away from his eyes and then flashing back to when he healed Shayla last night.

He smiled coolly, standing to his feet. His eyes caught the lobby wall clock.

9:50, meaning Blaise's punishment is in ten minutes.

He's gonna have to go shower before then, so he began strolling up.

The twins and Mercury met him by the wide staircase. They're dressed for school already, but not in uniforms.

The Ballet School don't do uniforms, they just wear any black outfit and it's okay.

"You look more handsome this morning, Jude. I believe you should spend more time at the lobby, you might become more powerful too." Sadie talked first as usual.

"No. A loser is forever a loser, Sadie. Don't give him hope." Soren said, and Mercury grinned out.

"I'll have fun mixing your faces with sand anytime I get the smallest hold on you two. Just wait." Jude replied.

Soren came closer, leaning into his ear to whisper...

"You'd break your own neck before you'd be able to reach our faces. Stop dreaming, you might get crowned as the king of delusions at this rate." 

"Let's go, Soren. We can't miss the thunder punishment" Sadie said behind, smiling mockingly at Jude.

The twins left with their friend, and Jude stood there helplessly too long before resuming his journey to his room.

--

[Thunder Arena]

As a spot designed for punishing offenders with thunder, it's situated not far from the bamboo groove, and there's no single chair for the audience to sit.

Everyone watches punishments on their feet, including Azura and Zeke who're currently standing close to the middle where there's a pinnacle.

Kasia, Astor, Winona and Faye are also here from the West Palace. Here to watch Blaise's doom.

Kasia looks weak, same as Winona. They had cried till daybreak.

Astor is the one giving them useless consolations, and as for Faye, her tongue is still frozen, so she could do nothing but watch.

Cheyenne and Sage are present, but Ryker and Granny aren't with them.

The twins arrived, and Mercury's laughter started when she saw the ready pinnacle.

"This is my first time watching a thunder punishment, thanks for inviting me here peeps!"

"You haven't even started witnessing the punishment yet, so keep calm and await the climax." Sadie said.

Xena and the Old Chef came too, but they had to hide beside a pillar to watch from there.

Thanks to the numerous pillars in this place, watching things from hiding is easy.

"Seems like he's really gonna die" Xena muttered.

"No one can tell..." Old Chef replied.

Blaise was dragged in by the servants from the quarters, and the moment Kasia saw him, she broke down in tears again.

Astor placed an arm on her shoulder,, but it's never working.

Winona nearly entered the middle, but Faye pulled her back, shaking her head and telling her no.

Blaise was dropped in the middle pinnacle, then his wrists were raised up above his head, chained up to the crossed-metals on top of the pinnacle.

The gag is still on his mouth, now damp with his saliva. His hopeless eyes settled on his father and sister.

Jude strolled nonchalantly into the arena, hands in his pockets and gum in his mouth which he's chewing softly.

He looks even more hopeless than Blaise as he awaited the punishment with the others.

Mercury already set her phone camera, ready to capture the moment and broadcast it.

"There are rules that binds citizens in this city, and at the same time there are rules that binds the palace!" Zeke started his speech.

Silence took over the arena.

"Low royals from the West Palace will eat dirt if anyone from this East Palace tells them to. They dare not object, so why do you think you have the right to fight back if Sadie touches you! You should kneel and even thank her!" He continued.

"And that's right" Azura took over, standing beside him. Her red robe moved with the breeze, and her nose ring dangled from her nose.

"Now take a look at what happens when you decide to go against the rules. Watch closely, and carefully" she finished up, connecting her mind to the sky.

She's the thunder controller.

The clouds blackened in a whim, no silhouette in sight. It threw the arena into darkness, void of all light as the skies rumbled with anger, ready to start releasing the strikes.

Blaise was shaking on the chains, and Kasia dropped on her knees, shaking too as the light returned, then the thunders started coming from a hollow space in the clouds, hitting the arena and targeting the pinnacle.

The first one hit Blaise, and his eyes rolled back, arms straining against the chains and bones stiffening.

He should start bleeding right from the first strike, but nothing happened.

The second strike followed, he didn't bleed.

The third strike shook the arena turbulently with the energy of a starving tsunami. It cracked the ground in several places.

Blaise still stood strong on the pinnacle, and Azura's eyes widened.

She doubled the striking power of the thunders, her face shooting up to the sky, eyes glaring to the clouds.

The thunders turned harsher, harder.

Nothing still happened to Blaise.

Zeke looks confused too, and Kasia is up from her knees right now, wondering like everyone else.

"What's going on?" Mercury lowered her phone camera.

The twins couldn't talk, but Jude is looking around, knowing this can only be the work of someone.

Someone is repelling the strikes of the thunder.

"Lord Ryker?" Cheyenne looked around too, even Sage.

"I don't understand, at all." Xena said behind the pillar.

The fiftieth thunder sounded, giving the metal pinnacle several cracks too, but Blaise didn't get affected.

His chains were released from his wrists, and he fell on the ground.

Kasia and Astor rushed to the pinnacle, both kneeling with him.

Kasia hugged him, and Astor covered them.

Zeke tried walking into the pinnacle, but Winona blocked him.

"Grand Supreme, I think it's over now. The 50 is over and he's still alive. You must stand on your words and leave him alone." She said.

Zeke stopped, eyes rotating tentatively between Blaise and Winona who's in front of him.

"He didn't die, but his hair is still to be shaved" Azura spoke up.

"This red hair is the only weapon he has to defend himself with, you can't take it!" Kasia stood.

"Says who?" Azura pulled out a long scissors, but before she could climb the pinnacle, Granny Jojo entered the arena, and the silence returned.

Most of the clansmen weren't aware that she woke up, so shock mixed with their reactions.

"What are you doing here, Granny?" Zeke went for her.

She brushed him aside and took the scissors from Azura.

"Mother?" Azura snapped.

"Let him go...he's just a kid. Whatever happened, Sadie is at fault. Sadie is probably the most hateful girl in this city. You know that, so why so bent on destroying him?" Jojo said sternly.

Sadie walked fast into the center, getting in front of Jojo.

"You can never support me, can you? You've proved that again and again! You hate I and Soren, but you hate me more! You treat the bastard like your son, but now you're even saving the boy from West Palace who blinded my one eye? Look at my eye!" 

"Go to school, Sadie. I'm not gonna talk to you." Jojo said.

"I hate you!!" Sadie yelled at her face petulantly, storming off afterwards.

"You love disappointing us, it has become an habit. Go back to coma!" Soren added before following her with Mercury.

Zeke and Azura left the arena after shooting laser looks at Jojo too, then the arena began emptying as people began leaving one by one.

Faye suddenly spit out water, and she was surprised that the ice on her tongue is gone.

Ryker probably decided to finally let her go.

She rushed to Jojo, giving her a kowtow. "Thanks for your help." 

"You should thank Ryker instead. If he hadn't repelled the thunders, it'd have been ugly." Jojo said.

"Ryker did?" Winona said surprisingly.

"For his own good though. He might wanna use Blaise in the future. Ryker wouldn't do anything that's not gainful for him." Jojo smiled.

She faced Kasia and Astor who're still with Blaise on the pinnacle.

"Keep him safe, it's not over yet. He might have escaped this, but you know how the twins are... especially Sadie. She won't let him go." She advised.

"Thank you, Grandmother." Kasia knelt halfway.

Jojo left the arena in the company of some maids.

--

[Main Castle, Orb Hall]

Ryker's eyes are stilled as he placed his bleeding palm on top of the orb, wetting it silently.

His knife is in his second hand, wet with his blood too.

He had stood here during the thunder punishment, and he repelled the thunders from here, so he's expecting the tyrant couple to burst inside very soon.

The orb light reflected in his eyes, indicating that it's enough.

He immediately stopped wetting it, then he closed his eyes and connected with the city.

He was roaming in his imaginations, trying to pick the scent of ginger and garlic and lemon according to what the warehouse boss said.

That scent should be on Xena's twin body right now, and if she hasn't masked it again, he should be able to find her in his thoughts.

For minutes, he roamed the city in his imaginations, but nothing happened.

No ginger, garlic or lemon.

No one smells like that in the city.

He opened his eyes, slamming his fist on the orb table.

Did she switch scents again?

Azura and Zeke broke into the hall like he expected, and before he could even turn to them, they both attacked him, striking him at the same time.

The flashes of their strikes missed his stomach cos he changed positions, then he gave them his strike back without holding back.

They didn't escape it. 

Both Azura and Zeke got hit severely on the chest. Their hearts ruptured internally, and they had to hold the walls as blood soaked their mouths, pouring out to the ground.

They both groaned out at the same time, their chests feeling like it's being slashed with an axe repeatedly.

The hit was cruel, and even their eardrums felt it. They're bleeding water from their ears too.

"You're playing with Xena's life, and you know it! She's dying! I'm killing her!!" Zeke roared, his bloody teeth making him look cannibalistic.

"No you won't." Ryker said flatly, walking slowly from his spot, steps so clean. "You won't kill Xena yet. You need me to find my partner so you can use her, and till I find my partner, you'll continue threatening me with Xena. So you can't kill Xena yet." 

"Now don't act too arrogant" Azura faced him.

Ryker frowned. "Arrogance is like my trademark, aren't you used to it now? Don't get smart with me, and yes...I repelled the thunders. You should look forward to more, maybe I'll take the slave I bought next...who knows?"

"Ryker!!" Zeke yelled.

"It is 150 billions, Zeke! One fuckin fifty! You really think I was gonna let her be for the family? Especially now that Grann took a liking to her?" Ryker smirked, his eyes shadowed by his lashes.

"Watch out, and double the spies you always send after me. Be more hardworking in watching me." He said, then left the hall smoothly.

"Cut Xena's lifeline, now!!" Azura yelled at Zeke's face.

"It's the only thing keeping him down in this palace and you know it! Cutting it means you want him to destroy this city completely! We need his partner first. By the time we get the partner, then Xena's lifeline, Ryker himself, and the Old Chef would be gone. We just need to find his partner first." Zeke said.

"You know how much I hate when he acts arrogant like this... He's intentionally riling us up, and Granny is even on his side! My twins left angrily earlier, and I hate it! Zeke..." Azura complained.

"Trust me, Zura. I know what I'm doing. Just trust me..." Zeke assured.

"He said something about taking back the 150 billion slave. Are you really gonna allow that?" Azura said.

Zeke sighed, smiling.

"Of course not, her death means he'd be losing 150 billions, so I'll just send a word to the Slaves Labor Camp, and she'd be killed with a push. I'm itching so see how long his wealth is, maybe he'd still stay sane after losing that much money." 

"Good, but now we need to hasten up the search for his partner. Now that things have become like this, we can't let him find her first." Azura said.

"I know, I'll work on that before dusk." Zeke replied, and they both bled from the mouth again, the effects of his strike still in their bodies.

"That bloody bastard" Azura muttered.

--

[Heartless Tower]

Cheyenne and Sage were outside the tower when Ryker arrived.

He went in without giving them a word, and they followed him.

"What happened in the orb hall?" Sage asked.

"Nothing much" Ryker replied, never stopping his steps.

Cheyenne quickly got in front of him, and he responded with a squint.

"My Lord, you know you can't provoke them, right? Xena's lifeline can't be messed with. We can't lose your only available sibling." She said.

"I only told them what they needed to hear, no one is proving anyone. Also, Xena's twin might have changed her scent. I scouted the city in my imaginations earlier, I didn't smell her." Ryker replied, walking past her.

"Seriously? But...why? Why does she keep changing scents? This isn't about fearing the Grand Supreme anymore, maybe she's running from someone else?" Sage said.

Ryker stood below a blue light, the blue seeming to match with his face more than required. He looks damn divine under it.

"I'm pausing the search for her for now, I'm focusing on the partner. I felt her when I froze the city yesterday, so she's close." 

"Seriously?" Sage's eyes lit.

"I wonder who she's gonna be though, the daughter of a billionaire?" Cheyenne smiled.

"Gather more females tomorrow, over hundred this time. And don't just gather rich brats, add maids and servants to the gathering." Ryker ordered.

"Sure!" The two chorused.

"Cheyenne." Ryker faced her.

"My Lord."

"Go to Granny's chamber, and arrange a small room over there, for the...beggar." he said.

"Beggar? You mean slave? Why would she stay with Grandmother?" Cheyenne gasped.

"Do what I ordered." Ryker said.

"But—"

Ryker's hand closed around her neck suddenly, making the words die in her throat.

She wasn't expecting it cos her eyes peered so wide.

"My Lord!" Sage's eyes widened too.

"When did you learn talking back at me? You did it earlier at the chamber, now resuming it here?" Ryker scoffed.

"I'm not gonna say sorry... That slave isn't worthy of being with Granny." Cheyenne said stubbornly, though her neck is still between his palm.

Ryker hardened his deadly chokehold, and water ran out of her eyes forcefully.

"My Lord, please pardon her. She's just being overprotective of you and Granny." Sage said.

Ryker's palm tightened on her throat again. She closed her eyes, ready to die as the coldness of his body wrapped around her neck.

"My Lord!" Sage bellowed.

With a push, Ryker released Cheyenne. She fell back, holding her cold blue neck.

His fingerprints left blue marks instead of red, actually.

"Go to the chamber, prepare that room. You have thirty minutes." Ryker commanded.

"Yes" she bowed reluctantly, leaving the tower with a gulp.

"But... didn't you say the slave belonged to the family?" Sage asked.

"Anything that makes Jojo smile belongs to her." Ryker replied, and Sage smiled a bit.

"I understand. I'll go help Cheyenne prepare the room." Sage rushed out.

Ryker lifted his shirt from his arm, seeing slim ice carpets are starting fo form on his skin again.

He took off the shirt completely, and it's not surprising that the ice is forming on the whole of his skin.

He'd have gone straight to the spring pool to soak again, but he decided not to. He stayed under the blue lights, and the longer he stayed, the more ice formed on his skin till they started falling in small cubes to the ground.

He's freezing madly, but relying too much on the spring pool isn't what he plans to do all his life, so he stubbornly stayed there, allowing the freeze. It's not the first time his ice would be acting up.

The ice formed on his lashes too, and it was hard to open his eyes, but when he did...

His eyes caught the tiny ruby ring in his middle toe.

His late mother had left it on him when he was born. It's basically the only thing he has from her.

His most priceless treasure.

He was still staring when the disturbing voice penetrated into his ears again...

"I'm so tired...if there's another word bigger than tired then I want it."

Ryker's lids went low, his ears going still as her voice resounded.

She's definitely at the labor camp, but why has her voice been sounding in his ears lately?

"Annoying" he muttered deeply, shutting his eyes back.

--

[Labor Camp]

"So tired...too too much." Shayla grunted tiredly.

As expected, she was made to split rocks today again.

She got used to it very fast since she did it yesterday anyways. As a fast learner, it was easier today.

The supervisors just stood behind her with their long canes which they haven't touched her with since she's doing it well without rest.

She's tired, but she's not planning to stop. Cheyenne already tore her arm with her nails, so if the supervisors beat her with canes again, she'd get weaker which she can't afford.

Even the supervisors are looking at her surprisingly, wondering why she's not tired cos Cheyenne specifically ordered them to make her cry if she rests.

Lilith stood beside the supervisors, folding her arms on her chest and watching her with contempt.

"Who knows where I can sell a jacket? I can't go out of the palace as I'm still binded by rules, so someone has to go sell it for me since you supervisors have permits to leave the palace." She said.

"What jacket are you talking about?" One of them asked.

"The studded one from the family store. Grand Prince Jude's own." She replied, and they all gasped out.

"How did you get that?"

A castle maid interrupted their chats by entering the camp.

She handed them a note and left without a word.

"What's that?" Lilith took the note, opening it for them to read.

It's an order to kill Shayla, and it came from Grand Supreme Zeke.

"Ou, I never knew this day would come this soon." Lilith smiled, tearing the note and discarding the pieces before looking at Shayla who's still splitting rocks not far from them.

"Leave this to me, no one will do this when I'm here." She said, cracking her neck and fingers.

"There's a pit down the valley. Just take her there and push her inside. It leads to the woods where there are wild boars. She'd get eaten within a minute, trust me. Make it fast." A supervisor advised.

Lilith picked a thick stick from the ground and moved, going to Shayla who's about to raise the sledgehammer again.

"Stop, and follow me." She ordered.

Shayla's arms went down, she faced the dwarf.

"Where to?" 

"No questions, just tag along." Lilith rolled eyes, leading the way down the valley and dragging her stick along.

Shayla dropped the hammer, her palms full of blisters and bruises again, but she just folded them and followed her.

The other slaves dropped their bowls, wondering what's going to happen.

"Where are we going?" Shayla asked again, unable to shake off her curiousness.

"Just follow me, no questions!" Lilith insisted, her steps quickening when she got closer to the pit.

There's a rock on top of it, so the rock covered the obvious part of the pit.

"Climb up." She faced Shayla.

"Why?" Shayla asked in confusion.

"Climb, are you deaf?" Lilith repeated glaringly.

Shayla climbed the rock. Her eyes popped wide the moment she saw the deep dark pit behind it.

"You little—"

"Happy deathday!" Lilith smiled, pushing her with the stick.

Shayla's barefoot slipped on the rock, but she was damn fast to grab the stick tightly, pulling Lilith with it.

"I'm not dying alone, never." She muttered, dragging Lilith up the rock with herself using the stick.

She slipped back, falling straight into the pit with Lilith.

"Witch! Save me!!!!" Lilith's earthshaking screams pierced the air.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️ HEART OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 13&14

It's another week, and if y'all are sure you want all-round post this week, start proving it with his chapter.

We've gone past chapter ten, so this week will be different from last week. I'll be stricter.

Reply All Comments, Drop Urs, Like and Massively Share.

Complete Requirements Early Or Don't Expect Anything Tomorrow.

★

The fall was fast. Dark. Perilous. 

Despite dragging the short devil along with her, Shayla's heart was thudding faster than winter rain thrums as she fell in the darkness.

She didn't scream. Her eyes just stayed terrifically wide, but Lilith was wailing till they both landed at the bottom of the pit.

Shayla's body took the largest hit though. She was at the bottom, Lilith's body landed on her.

They found themselves on top of dried rotting leaves and fallen stems. The place looks beyond time with the strange trees with insane heights.

It's suspiciously calm, but the sounds of their fearful breaths kept interrupting the calmness.

Lilith stood from Shayla's body, her stunted figure looking evil and scared altogether.

"Did I really...fall into the beast forest? Oh no, am I gonna get eaten? Am I? No no...this can't be reallll!"

She remembered she's not here alone, so she turned face to Shayla who's still laying flat on the ground.

Her eyes are open, but she can't even stand. It's like her backbone got fractured since she received the weight of Lilith's body during the fall.

"You actually pulled me with you?" Lilith grinned. "You're much more bolder than I think, your tiny appearance is only a facade. You're a bîtch!"

"It feels bad taking a dose from your own medicine, right?" Shayla muttered tiredly from the ground.

"And you think you can escape death here? Even if the wild boars don't kill you, I'll do it!" Lilith picked a large stone from the ground to throw.

Shayla struggled to stand, leaving that spot. The stone missed her and fell against the leaves.

"I can't die yet. I've been a slave all my life, and I have to at least live a good enjoyable life for a bit before accepting death, so I won't let you or the wild boars kill me." Shayla shook her head, holding her waist with two hands as she talked.

Lilith laughed out loud, pointing an hand forward.

"We were all born slaves, and our parents were executed immediately we were born. Afterwards, we were sent to the census office as babies. We grew up in the census office till we were 5yrs old before we were sent to the dark room cages. That's the normal protocol for all slaves, but you... you're a different one, aren't you?"

Shayla gulped, knowing where she's going.

"I heard your mother is a popular fashion diva in this city. She fell in love with a human and had you, but—"

"Stop, Lilith! Stop talking about me!" Shayla warned sensitively, dropping her arms from her waist.

"What?" Lilith laughed again, her expression so unyielding. "Are you scared to hear your own history?"

"You should probably tell me why you are a dwarf instead." Shayla replied, knowing that's gonna trigger her, and it did.

Lilith's neck nearly bursted, resembling a cobra's as she stalked towards her.

"How about I kill you instead?"

Shayla moved back, continuously walking backwards without taking her eyes away from the short lady.

"Remember I told you the other time that I have the ability to block noises? Well I also have the ability to create them. Now take this." Lilith smiled evilly, opening her mouth wide.

The scream she let out shook the whole forest, and shockingly, it uprooted several trees, making them fall all-over each other.

The trees fell exactly towards Shayla's spot, and she didn't wait for calamity before running away from there.

As she ran, Lilith chased, screaming and falling more tree logs which rolled after her, going after her life.

Shayla was relentlessly running for her life too, not bothering to even look back for once.

Looking back in danger will only make the danger come closer, so she ran faster, her calves nearly hitting her occipital lobe.

She didn't even notice when the bandage fell from her arm.

Lilith's screams, the falling trees, and the shaking forest pumped her adrenaline more, but she came to a standstill when she sighted a pack of wild boars coming in front of her.

They're mighty, tall and huge.

So it's true. This forest is really a beastly place.

With trembling sweaty body, she turned back to see Lilith is still coming with her screams.

Lilith at the back, and boars in front of her. There's really no hope anymore, is there?

She just stood there, awaiting the upcoming doom.

Her new dream to become a ballerina?

Shattered.

Her lifelong dream of going to the human world?

Ruined.

Her wish to see her mother again?

Broken.

She was already crying even before the boars got to her.

She fell on the ground, eyes slamming short as she pointed her arms forward.

The boars should at least eat her arms first and let her stay alive for more minutes.

But instead of feeling their sharp teeth on her arms, she felt cold water on her skin.

Extra cold water.

Her eyes opened back, then they went up fast to see the figure in black. The only one who wears robes in the palace.

Of course it's the demigod.

Shayla stood to her feet, and she was more shocked to see the wild boars are already in ice form.

He froze them.

His eyes are the usual melancholic nature, but with a dash of anger this time. He looks angry, and his hand is in a dull stretch in front of him.

Right in front of her, the frozen boars shattered to pieces.

More cold water splashed, and her skin received another wetness.

With one smooth turn, Ryker faced the back where Lilith is standing shockingly too. She has stopped screaming, and her falling trees already stopped too.

"You were also in the Groove the last time, weren't you?" Ryker questioned, his anger still prevalent.

Like a naive innocent saint, Lilith fell on her knees.

"No. I've never entered the Groove!" She lied through her teeth.

"And today?" Ryker intentionally asked, voice hardening.

"Shayla and i...we were thrown here by the supervisors! I was trying to scare away the wild boars with my screams, believe me!" 

"Enough!" Ryker snapped, glaring with simmering intensity.

That one glare did it.

Lilith's head immediately felt like a thousand nails and rocks are slamming rhythmically in there.

She grabbed her head, her eyes popping out as the headache scratched her skull, tickled her brain.

"Arghhhgg!!!!! Please please please!!!!! It's... it's too pain...arghhhhggg!!!!!"

One more second, she was already rolling on the ground, her watering eyes a confirmation of her hellish pains. 

Blood was rushing in another second, and it's coming out of every hole in her body including her private parts.

Ryker's glare didn't drop, his torture didn't stop. He even heightened it, and it got worse cos Lilith began sweating blood too.

"Please please please!!!!!....it hurts!!!!!!!!! Arghhhgg!!!!!!!"

Shayla stayed speechless beside him, watching the torture with twisted feelings.

Lilith is a mean girl who almost killed her, but still...

"Please, please...let her go." She found herself begging on Lilith's behalf.

"You think I'm doing this for you?" Ryker's eyes hit her hard, and she shifted back.

"Huh?"

His force went back to Lilith's body again, and Lilith's eyes began shedding blood too.

Shayla swallowed.

Looks like she's really gonna die cos Ryker doesn't look like he wants to let her go at all.

When the torture got unbearable, Lilith passed out, her body going completely limp on the leaves. Her blood pooled around her.

"A banshee?" Ryker muttered with crumpled brows.

His glare stopped, and he went closer to Lilith's body, standing beside it.

Shayla just stood behind, watching like a spectator.

He called Lilith a banshee, no wonder her screams were that powerful.

Ryker stood beside the dwarf's body for a little while before coming back.

Shayla's face went down, but he didn't look bothered by it. His eyes went to her wounded arm.

It was definitely done by nails. No wonder he smelled blood from Cheyenne's nails earlier.

His gaze moved to Shayla's face, but she's still looking down.

"What happened to the bold beggar? You were mimicking me fine that night, now you can't even look up?" He said, but that only made her shove her face to the ground again.

"Look up!" He ordered.

Slowly, her head came up, and he saw the wetness on her face. This isn't from his ice water. They're her tears.

He took a black embroidered handkerchief out of his pocket, throwing it at her.

She caught it to her chest, and he didn't say another word before starting to walk away.

Shayla looked at the handkerchief, then at his backside as he walked.

She smiled before looking at the handkerchief again, bringing it to her face.

She wiped the tears then rushed after him to catch up, but she made sure to keep space between them so their bodies won't touch.

Getting him angry would be dangerous, and she definitely doesn't want that after he showed mercy by giving her his handkerchief.

The walked in silence for a while, just the sound of their footsteps, singing birds and her own breaths.

"Wow, your powers are...cool." She boldly started a conversation.

"Your boldness came back?" He replied, the deepness of his voice rattling the forest.

"I was just scared earlier, you looked like a demon when you were making her bleed all-over." She said.

"And now?" He looked at her.

"Now...you still look intimidating, but less." She replied, fondling with the handkerchief she's holding.

Ryker rode his frowny eyes away from her, other features unaffected.

"Pardon me with my running mouth, I'm still a kid." She talked again.

"How old are you?" He looked at her again.

"26" she sharply replied.

"Kid at 26?" He smirked. "Durak."

"Fool?" She secretly made faces.

"Aren't you?" He's still looking at her as he said it, and she blinked away.

"How old are you then?" She asked, but then she covered her mouth with her palm, realizing she has no right to question him.

"350" He replied surprisingly.

She fell on her knees in front of him, making him stop.

She bowed her head too.

"You really deserve the worshiping and kneeling and bowing. You're like my ancestor..." She said, not realizing how funny she sounds saying that.

Ryker stayed there, staring at her funny self on the ground.

"350 with that goodlooking young youth face and model-like body? So you're an Eternal Luminarian, you'll live forever? You'll never grow old? I heard everyone in the East Palace are Eternals too. Grand Prince Jude is five years older than you, so he's...355? The twins are ten years younger than you so they're...340? Meaning Grand Supreme and his wife are thousands of years old? And Granny is probably uncountable. Omg!" She gasped.

"You want part of my long life?" Ryker rolled eyes to the side, and she quickly got up.

"No. I only want to live fine in the future and die when i grow old." She muttered, then their walk resumed.

"Though the living fine part is looking impossible, I dunno if I'll ever stop slaving here." She said to herself.

"You'll be staying with Grann from now on." He suddenly said.

It sounded like her ears were hearing trash at first, but when it resounded, she got in front of him again.

"Me? With Granny?"

"You have nothing to pack, so you're going there straight from here. Tend to her needs." Ryker stated.

"Meaning I won't be coming to the labor camp anymore?" She blinked.

"What? It's too much?" He blankly replied, and she jumped.

"No... It's not too much! Thank you! Thank you!!"

"Wake up at 5, sweep and clean her chamber. She'll stop eating from the castle kitchen, you'll cook for her in her chambers. Run her bathwater, pick her clothes out, wash the unclean ones."

"I'll do everything! I can do anything... except cooking." She muttered the last part like a secret, biting her lip inwardly.

"Then return to the labor camp." He said curtly, bypassing her and moving forward.

"I spent almost all my life in a cage so it'd be weird if I can cook! I need someone to teach me and I'll grasp it and even hone my skills myself! I promise I'm a fast learner!" She said loudly, her voice following him.

He didn't stop walking.

"My Lord!" She went after him again, her voice echoing.

They went out of sight, and the castle guards appeared from the pit entrance.

They expected to see Shayla's body torn to bits by the boars, but they met Lilith's unconscious body instead.

She's almost dead.

"Pick her up" their leader instructed, and the others obeyed.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School, 2PM]

There are no silly classes distribution here in the school.

Upgrade happens by tiers. There are Tier 1, 2 and 3.

Tier 2&3 are for the other billionaire dancers from powerful families, but 1 is obviously for the twins and Mercury.

They all practice in the same hall and receive ballet classes in the same room, but whenever it's time to perform publicly, the twins and Mercury are always at the center.

They always take the shine and glory. No one else can enter Tier One except them. They're like Diamond 3.

Presently, it's the exercising period in the gymnasium, and it's full of dancers who're stretching their bodies and sweating out their calories to prepare for the next class.

Soren sat in a corner at the gym, his hair slickly wet cos he had poured bottled water on it earlier. His armless shirt looks sweaty cos he had exercised a little too much, but he's not preparing to take it off at all.

He loves when girls drool over his sweaty body.

Mercury sat beside him. Her face is into her phone, but she's secretly peeking at Soren's sweaty body.

Sadie is standing on pointe not far from them, looking as devious and devilish as ever with that black lipstick and her short skirt that barely covered her arse.

She still can't get her mind off what happened at the thunder arena. It gets more and more upsetting when she thinks about it.

The other ballet dancers around her kept quiet, exercising in silence cos whenever Sadie is like this, then it's gets messy with noise.

"Sadie, enough with the venting, don't break your toes. You've been standing on pointe for an hour now." Mercury said.

With a loud heave, Sadie dropped on her full foot, but just as she was about to go grab a bottle of water, she sighted a girl who's photographing Soren with her phone.

With three long steps, she was with the girl. She snatched the phone from her, scrolling through her gallery to see she snapped over thirty pictures of Soren already.

She looked up glaringly, and the girl gulped emptiness.

"I was just...I was..."

"What's going on?" Soren and Mercury joined them. 

"The bîtch was snapping your pictures!" Sadie barked, showing them the phone screen.

"I bet I'm the only one on her gallery. Gawd, It's always the ugly ones." Soren said rudely.

"Don't tell me you have a crush on him? You're not aware that you can't like Soren without Sadie's permission?" Mercury pushed the girl, and she fell back.

Sadie shattered the phone on the ground, and the girl started running out of the gym, but Sadie attacked her halfway.

Her eyes did the glow, and Soren joined her, both striking her down at the same time.

She didn't bleed. She didn't scream, but it was instantaneous.

She fell down and died on the spot, and the worse part?

Her body started smelling immediately.

Sadie picked a bottled water, pouring the water on her dead body.

"That should be enough to row you to hell where you'll burn to ashes" she laughed, dumping the bottle on her body too.

The other dancers converged around, covering their noses to block the smell.

"Well-deserved." Mercury scoffed.

"Let this be a deterrent to the rest of you! Don't like my sister, and do not fall for me!" Soren announced.

It didn't take long before morgue attendants rushed into the gymnasium, and as usual, the body was carried away.

No one questioned the twins.

No one dares.

"Let's go, Soren." Sadie raised her shoulders, going for the door.

Soren followed her, and the other dancers released the breaths they've been holding.

Mercury didn't follow the twins. Instead, she went to the Head Teacher's office.

She slid the silver door open, going inside with a large smile.

Her mother—Esme, sat on the swivel chair behind the large desk, her beauty so feral.

She has been crowned the most beautiful woman in Luminaria twice, and no doubt she's gonna take the award this year again at the Feast.

She's really beautiful, and that makes her pride skyrocket all the time.

Her bright yellow nails dropped from the laptop in front of her. She relaxed on her chair till Mercury got to her and sat on her desk with one part of her butt.

"Your evil twin friends killed another dancer again? They really won't stop till they kill every ballet dancer in this school, right?" Esme said, removing her eyeglasses.

"But she started it by snapping Soren's pictures. You know how much Sadie hates phones right? So they killed her, and it's even better. People fear Ryker cos he kills everyday, they should make people fear them by killing everyday too." Mercury shrugged.

"People fear Ryker cos he's a demigod who carries the millennial ice inside him, and his aura is ultimate. His bloodthirst is just a bonus. They wanna be like him?" Esme scoffed.

"Whose side are you on? Our side? Or Ryker's?" Mercury said.

"Why are you here?" Esme went back to working on her laptop.

"The Feast...the upcoming Lantern Night Feast, we're performing, right? We didn't perform last year and you promised to make it happen this year! Motherrr" Mercury held her hands.

"It's been confirmed, my dancers are performing, happy now?" Esme sighed, taking her hands from Mercury.

She picked her iced tea cup and had a short sip while brushing her hair with her fingers.

"You're the absolute best! And make sure I and my twin friends are in the center!" Mercury kissed her cheek before rushing out of the office.

"Brat" Esme smiled, dropping her tea cup. She received a call from a known number, and the smile that perched on her face showed that she has been expecting the call for long.

She picked up, turning her swivel chair to back her desk.

--

[West Palace, Blaise's Room]

Going to the ballet school after escaping death would be stupid, so Blaise has been resting at home.

He's laying in bed, facing the ceiling while caressing the fur of his fluffy pet dog that's beside him.

When he was chained to the thunder arena chains on the pinnacle, he was ready to hug death but like a dream, he's suddenly saved?

Whatever Ryker is planning to use him for is definitely not anything nice. Ryker isn't nice.

And as for Sadie... Maybe he's just gonna fight her from the shadows from now on. Physical fight isn't advisable, he'd only get hurt.

His door opened, and he sat up in bed  as Faye came in with a tray of syrup in a small cup.

"Your mother said you'd feel more at ease if you drink it." She said, dropping the tray beside him.

"I'm not drinking" Blaise pushed the tray away from the bed, wasting the syrup on the ground.

"She made so much effort before she was able to squeeze this syrup out of the honeycomb herself!" Faye snarled.

"Then maybe she shouldn't have let you bring it." Blaise got down from the bed.

"Oh...so this is about me again? This is about my father marrying your mother? I'm not comfortable with it too! I don't like you or your mother, but I still tried to speak up for you when the bastard was invited here, and he froze my tongue because of you!" She shouted.

"He should have left it frozen forever, he shouldn't have melted it." Blaise muttered, throwing on long pants.

"What!" Faye's arms dropped.

"Let's go, Faye!" Blaise gestured at his pet dog. 

The dog jumped down from the bed too, following him towards the door.

"You gave your dog my name?" Faye said unbelievably.

"Cos that's what you are? A dog?" Blaise replied, leaving with the dog.

"Damn you! Blaise Spectre!" Faye yelled, but it wasn't enough to bring Blaise back.

She was panting as she flung his antiques bowl yo the wall.

In the lobby downstairs, Kasia and Astor are seated, drinking happily from small cups of liquor while staring at Winona who's currently packaging a gift.

"Who's the gift for?" Kasia asked.

"Shayla. I heard she was the one who asked Grandmother Jojo to intervene." Winona smiled.

"You like the slave girl that much?" Astor smiled back.

"Gawd forbid a lady wants to say thank you." Winona said.

Astor grinned. The weight of Blaise's misfortune that's off his shoulder made his maid lighter.

"But I like her. Even if I can't have her for now, I believe I'll have her later. We'll still get this city back, and by then, she'll be mine." Winona said.

"I see you have a plan" Kasia chuckled.

"As always" Winona shrugged.

"Ryker helped save Blaise, and Jojo. Those two seem like the people who'd bend to our side..." Kasia said.

"Jude too. I might know how to persuade him." Winona sat, placing the gift box on her laps.

"Making three of them. We can actually use the three of them to take the East back. If we use them well, it'd be productive." Kasia said.

"I'm not bothered about Jojo or Jude, but Ryker? Are you serious? You think he's easy to get to? He saved Blaise cos he wanted to, not because we begged him, so don't think he's on anyone's side." Astor said.

"But we're in this situation cos of him. The FrostOrb was born with him, and the Millions Family snatched the city from us with it." Winona said, supporting Kasia.

Astor went silent.

"I don't care whichever tactic or gimmick I'm gonna apply. I'll rein him in here." Kasia said, downing another small liquor cup.

--

[East Palace, Soul Hall]

Soul Hall was made for preserving bodies of dead palace maids or slaves or guards.

Not because they're important, but because after their deaths, Azura or Zeke takes out their souls and merges with them.

Their powers don't only come from the FrostOrb, but also from the souls they eat here.

Lilith's body was brought from the forest. A little life is still hanging on her throat as she lay on a bed.

Azura is the only one inside with her, and she's busy checking out the body.

She'd have killed her completely to eat her soul, but there's just something about her.

"What's going on?" Zeke asked as he entered the hall.

"What took you so long to come?" Azura asked.

"There was a report that the twins killed a fellow ballet dancer in school, so I was sending condolence money to the deceased parents." Zeke replied like it meant nothing.

When he arrived at the bed, he frowned cos he was expecting Shayla's body instead.

"Why her?" 

"According to the supervisors, she took it upon herself to do the killing, but the slave pulled her down the pit with herself. Ryker went in there to save the slave, and he wounded this one fatally. Her heart bursted, and her lungs are intertwined already. Also, most of her body bones are broken, and her brain melted too. He must have tortured her too much." Azura explained.

"Ryker saved the slave?" Zeke frowned. "Strange, that bastard never saves, he only kills. His 150 billion cash is important to him after all."

He returned his eyes to Lilith in bed.

"Why is she still alive?" 

"The guards reported that there were abnormally fallen trees in the forest, and there were sound waves echoing. Also, look at the splits on her lips." Azura analyzed.

Zeke looked at it, his eyes shadowing.

"She's a banshee?" 

"Exactly, we have to bring her back to life fully. Ryker destroyed her body parts, it's impossible to repair them, but we can change them. Order the parents of the girl that was killed by the twins and tell them to bring her body here. We're gonna give this banshee her organs." Azura said.

"Smart enough, it's been centuries since I came across a banshee. And she's a slave?" Zeke said.

"She's a rare breed, her Luminarian parent gene must have suppressed the human one. We'll be needing her, so get the body." Azura sighed.

"Sure," Zeke pulled out his phone to make the call.

--

[Granny's Chamber]

Shayla's new room is small, but she can't even ask for more. It's more than enough.

Though, there's only a bed inside since she has no clothes except the one on her body.

Still, she's happy. Maybe her life is gonna change after all. Maybe she won't die being a slave.

She's currently in the room, checking everything out and smiling loudly, her cute set of teeth flashing.

"I have a room?" She sat on the bed, pressing the mattress with her fingers. "And a bed too!"

"Shay!" Xena's voice made her stand from bed. Xena rushed inside.

"Xena!" She rushed to meet her.

"Goodness! You're really gonna start living here from now? I'm so happy for you!" Xena hugged her tightly, swaying side to side as Shayla's small arms wrapped around her too.

"I heard Lilith tried killing you and you pulled her, I love you!" Xena broke the hug, and Shayla smiled.

"I did well?"

"Of course! And your buyer came to save you? The news is all-over the palace." Xena gushed again.

"He was cool with the powers, and I got terrified when he was torturing Lilith. I had to start begging, but he was like; You think I'm doing this for you?" Shayla mimicked, and Xena laughed, pushing her forehead with a finger.

"How dare you even beg for her?" 

"Where's she by the way?" Shayla asked.

"She's in the Soul hall, and her soul is probably getting sucked out now." Xena shrugged.

Before Shayla could question further, Jude strolled inside.

"Grand Prince Jude?" Xena shifted back and went out to give them privacy.

Jude came straight to Shayla, and she tried to bow, but he placed a finger below her chin, raising her face up.

"Don't" he muttered.

Shayla carefully stepped away from his touch,. His hand dropped.

"Thank you for healing me, I've been wanting to thank you but no chance." She said, but his eyes stayed on the tear wound on her arm.

"How did this happen again?" He asked, wanting to touch it.

Shayla slowly shifted back again before he could.

"It's nothing, it's not painful." She said. His hand dropped again.

"Are you allergic to touches?" He asked, sounding offended.

"Sir?" She blinked up.

"Shay! I think you should dress up!" Xena came back inside, holding a dress. It's not new, not colourful, but it's ok. Must be one of Granny's clothes when she was still a youth.

"Lord Ryker is taking you somewhere I guess." Xena said as Shayla took the dress from her.

"Somewhere?" Shayla blinked.

Xena just left wordlessly.

Shayla looked at Jude, he stared at her with folded palms, then he took out a candy from his pocket and emptied it in his mouth before leaving.

Shayla finally had the opportunity to dress up in the dress which balanced below her knees cos it's so long.

She was adjusting the dress when the black handkerchief fell from her.

She quickly took it and dusted it, folding it neatly and placing it under her small pillow.

--

[Outer Chamber]

Granny Jojo sat in front of a mirror, posture so energetic and fingers stretched.

She's trying to speak to her own shadow through the mirror, but it seems the coma aftereffects is still in her body. Her powers are still kinda weak.

The mirror only became blurry, her shadow refused to appear no matter how much she tried.

"Guess I still need more sleep. Urg! I hate weakness." She complained.

"Go to the FrostOrb room and absorb some energy." Ryker came in.

"The FrostOrb contains power from your own blood, Ryker. I'd be greedy to actually absorb energy from it. I might be part of the Millions Family, but I'll never share in your power, keep that in mind." Jojo stood.

"Inspirational much." Ryker sideyed, and she smiled.

"Thank you for sending her here." 

"Where is she?" Ryker squinted.

Jude came out of the inner chamber, smiling when he saw Ryker.

"You're too scarce these days. You're hard to see." He complained.

"What are you doing here?" Ryker asked, his squint still there.

"He's the only sane one among my grandchildren, of course he's welcome here anytime." Granny said.

"Of course" Jude hugged her lightly by the side.

Ryker's squint faded, but he stayed as stiff as a stone.

Shayla came out of the inner chamber, looking much better in the dress.

"Nah...she looks like a granny in that old-fashioned dress. There should be better ones." Jude said in disapproval.

"Leave her—for now. I know what I'm doing." Granny said immediately.

Jude blinked in confusion, and Shayla faced Ryker, awkwardly adjusting her dress on her shoulder.

Jojo took off her flat shoes, giving it to her to wear.

"Thank you," Shayla smiled appreciatively and slipped them on.

Luckily, her feet is just as small as the Granny's, so the shoes fit.

When she looked up, Ryker's palm is already spread.

She looked at the palm, then at Ryker's stoic face, wondering if she's supposed to take it.

"Come here" Ryker ordered, and that was when she moved to him. She gently placed her palm on his cold palm, and he made them teleport.

"Did Ryker just touch someone? For real? Where did they go by the way?" Jude asked.

"Secret" Jojo winked at him.

Jude rolled eyes.

Behind the door, Cheyenne stood with Sage, and her nails are digging into her palms as she folded them.

Her blood dropped on the ground from her bleeding palm.

"We're gathering the hundred maidens before tomorrow, it's hest if we go for the selection now." Sage said, stepping away.

Cheyenne followed with madly hardened jaws.

--

Shayla and Ryker reappeared in front of a Cooking School.

She took a long look at the signboard in front of it...

EASTSIDE CULINARY SCHOOL. She's gonna be learning cooking here, and she should be able to grasp the concept within 24hrs.

She faced Ryker.

"Did we just teleport?" She smiled, but her smile faded when she saw his eyes, staring down at her differently.

They look hard, thorny. Something between disbelief and rummage.

Then she noticed he's still holding her hand too. 

He's holding it tighter than before.

She softly tried removing it, but he held tighter, and she looked up at him again,...with a gasp this time.

"My...Lord?" She drawled, voice slightly shaky.

Ryker's eyes dropped lower. He's still not letting her go.

Not when her warmness is much. Her hand is warm—very warm.

It's the warmest he has ever felt.

"My Lord? You're scaring me again." Shayla repeated, gulping again.

Ryker let go of her, and his dagger appeared on his palm.

He unsheathed speedily it and cut his palm with it. He bled out.

"My—"

Shayla couldn't say 'Lord' before he grabbed her, turned her around and pulled down the zip of her dress.

Cold breeze hit her bare back, and her mouth widened with her eyes.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️ HEART OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 15&16

Like I said, I'll never post with incomplete requirements. if y'all are sure you want all-round post this week, complete requirements in time.

We've gone past chapter ten, so this week will be different from last week. I'll be stricter.

Reply All Comments, Drop Urs, Like and Massively Share.

Complete Requirements Early Or Don't Expect Anything Tomorrow.

★

The zipper stopped on Shayla's waist at the back, and she quickly took a step forward, trying to get out of his grip, but it was futile.

His free hand held her chin from behind. He easily pulled her to himself with that.

"You...what are you... doing?" She stuttered, her heartbeats quickening up with fear.

"If you do not stay still, the consequences will be dire." He replied stiffly behind, causing her breaths to seize.

His eyes rummaged through her back, but he found nothing except the wounds from canes.

She definitely sustained them from when the supervisors whipped her at the labor camp.

The wounds are the only thing visible on her back skin. 

No mark. No shine.

It's supposed to be a fire sword, so if it's on any other part of her body, it's gonna shine beyond her clothes.

But nothing at all.

He released her with eyes that says he's disappointed and at the same time he's relieved.

If she had the mark, he'd have just killed her right here and end things.

Shayla faced him, curving her arms to her back. She held her zipper tight, covering her exposed skin.

"That was..." She started talking, and Ryker's eyes went up to catch hers.

"Was what?"

"Perverted. You can't just zip me down like...that. I'm a female." She said, sounding pained.

"And a slave." He added for her, causing her hands to clutch tighter on the zipper she's holding behind.

Ryker spread his palm forward, and right in front of her, the dagger wound on his palm closed up. The blood dried up too as if the wound was never there.

"Want to zip up?" He faced her.

Shayla kept quiet, casting him that pained look again.

He turned to the building and began stepping inside.

Shayla's hands dropped from her zipper when she realized she's the only one here apart from him.

If she goes inside the culinary school with open zipper, the fellow students are definitely going to mock her.

She went after him, nearly falling as she got in front of him.

"Scrap this habit" he talked crankily.

"I'm sorry, but my zipper" she said slowly, turning her back on him.

He stayed there for more than one minute, staring at her back wounds before zipping her up.

They entered the school, and the aroma of foods that wafted into her nose was enough to make her stomach rumble.

Her nose perceived various aromas within that short period, and she could already catch glimpses of the students cooking inside each kitchen that's like their classroom.

They're wearing green gowns and white aprons plus the white caps, and they all look professional.

Ryker's presence made most of them look up from the meals they were preparing. He doesn't have to open his mouth, his aura is enough to announce his arrival.

"Lord Ryker?"

"Today's a good day, Lord Ryker!"

"Feels good to see that pretty face in person! He's madly handsome!"

"Those kitten eyes!"

"Who the hell is that beside him?"

"Obviously a slave, don't overthink"

Their comments flew out of each kitchen, and as Shayla heard the last one, she bit her mouth wall.

Of course she's a slave.

She threw a look at Ryker. As usual, he's looking blankly ahead, never giving anyone any attention. Not even himself.

When he turned his face to her, she was quick to look away before their eyes could meet.

Why did he open her zip earlier anyway? What was he looking for?

The questions were still dancing in her mind when Ryker finally entered the largest kitchen.

Shayla entered with him, and she instantly wished the ground would open and swallow her.

There are more students in this kitchen, and they look different than the kitchens they passed by.

These students look bratty, flashy. Girls from rich families who only learn cooking for fun.

They all left their spoons in their pots immediately, their eyes eating Ryker up. They can't hide their lust.

It left them speechless.

And that made Shayla regain her boldness. At least, they're looking at him, not her.

At the same time, the girls bowed respectfully to him, seeming to have regained their senses.

"Look who we have here. It's the demigod." A tall honey-haired lady appeared from the back of the kitchen, obviously the teacher here.

She bowed her head shortly, then her eyes left Ryker, shifting to Shayla.

"Take her into your harem for 48hrs." Ryker said.

"No. I'm ok with 24hrs." Shayla objected.

Ryker looked at her, his expressive eyes questioning that statement.

"I'll be good by 24hrs, I promise." She said confidently.

"24hrs" Ryker agreed, facing the teacher who smiled.

"Sure, I'll do my best, but are there specific dishes?"

A manual appeared on Ryker's palm, he handed it over to the lady.

"Five pages of Grann's best meals. You better do a good job, or I'll have your head." 

"You brought her here cos you trust me, My Lord. My students are always chef's kiss, so I'll do what you want. The rest depends on her." The lady assured, eyeing Shayla.

Ryker's dagger glowed faintly, and he started leaving the kitchen, but Shayla quickly went after him.

"24hrs... meaning I'm going to sleep here till tomorrow?"

"Isn't that very obvious?" He faced her over his shoulder.

"But they all look snobbish, and if we luckily get a break, they'd probably leave me by myself." She said.

"Weren't you all by yourself in your cage when you were still in the dark room?" He replied, colder than usual.

"But I'm out now, and I..." 

She stopped talking, noticing the coldness of his eyes got badder.

"Forgive my bad manners, I'm asking what I don't have the right to ask." She said slowly.

Ryker got a medium-sized shinny shell out of nowhere.

The shell is like a snail shell, but the only difference is the colour. It's shinny blue, and it's cute.

He stretched it to her, and she spread her palms forward, taking it.

"It's a Channeler Shell, and it can transmit voices exactly like a phone, I'll give the second one to Xena. You can talk to her during your so-called break." He said.

Before she could reply, he was already gone. 

She smiled broadly, keeping the shell in the pocket of her dress before facing the class again.

She entered boldly, deciding to ignore the unfriendly eyes of the other girls on her as she walked to the back where a free cooker is.

"Look at her gown, I wouldn't gift that to my enemy." One of the girls mocked.

"Are you seeing just the gown? Talk about her skin. Geez! I'm going to puke! How was Lord Ryker able to stay beside her?"

Shayla just pretended not to hear them till the teacher arrived, smiling at her face. She's holding the apron, green gown and cap.

"The class is starting now, but we gotta do something about your nails first." She said.

Shayla looked at her nails, and they're truly rough. Of course they'd be rough, she worked at the labor camp with these same hands.

She was given detergents and soaps to wash the hands and cleanse the nails, then she changed into the uniform, balancing her cap on her head.

"Light up the gas." the teacher ordered.

"I dunno how to." Shayla flatly replied, and the teacher shook her head, clicking her tongue.

"You're a pitiful one, poor girl."

She turned on the gas by just snapping her fingers, and Shayla blinked. 

Every Luminarian possesses one power or the other. Their powers are just greater than each other, so she shouldn't be surprised.

"We'll start with the congee dish, the simplest." The teacher instructed.

"Yes, ma'am."

--

Ryker took out bus dagger when he got outside.

It's still glowing, and he let out a soundless sigh as he stared at it.

"Stepped on another sinner." He muttered, vanishing from there.

He reappeared at the Crossover Boundary, and the managers all have their heads down as he walked past their desks with unrestricted moves.

He went for the crossover room, pushed the door open and got on top of the steel ladder.

He didn't have to go through the heavy stress of climbing like other Luminarians. So far his legs are on the ladder, he's good to go.

He teleported and reappeared in the human world. Precisely England.

He's in front of a hospital, and the moment he dropped there, the country froze, obeying his energy.

He effortlessly entered the hospital, strolling through the free hallway with unclear motive.

The doctors, nurses, and patients are all frozen in place, and he had to push one of them away with a door before he arrived at the ward he's targeting, but just as he was about to enter, he was slammed back.

The door is open, but he still can't enter. There's obviously a barrier blocking his entry.

He got his dagger, slashing the entrance with it.

The barrier lifted, letting him inside the ward where a mother is laying in bed with a newborn baby beside her.

The baby's father is standing beside the bed. 

The three are all frozen too, but a touch from Ryker melted them down.

The baby began crying, the mother spranged up from the bed, and the father rushed to cover her.

"Lord Ryker?" The mother's eyes nearly fell off at his sight.

"Who's he?" The father asked between fear and concern.

The baby kept crying in bed, his sounds growing higher and higher.

"He's...he's the demigod from my city." The woman skittishly replied.

Ryker stood some steps away from them, the distance short enough to grab their necks.

"You really thought that cheap barrier could stop me? You underestimated me, and that's another sin. You're dying gruesomely." He spoke, his tone unforgiving.

The woman quickly went on her knees, crying...

"I agree that I broke the Luminaria rule by falling in love with a human and even giving birth to his baby." She sniffled, looking back at her crying baby before continuing...

"But it's not my fault! I traveled to this country last year and I saw him and we fell in love and got married! Why is it such a sin!' 

"Are you asking me that?" Ryker smirked, voice smooth. "You're well aware that no matter how much you try to hide, there'll be a sign indicating that a Luminarian just gave birth to a human child."

He was staring at his dagger practically as he said that.

"Please help me, don't kill us! Look at this newborn baby! He'd be without parents if you—

"Are you actually begging me?" Ryker's expression fell between sour and bitter, and the mother gasped.

"Several years ago, you were part of the executioners who killed rule-breaker Luminarians. You killed thousands of them, but now you became a rule-breaker yourself, and you're begging for mercy? Audacious!" Ryker continued, voice getting harder than steel.

The human husband fell on his knees beside the wife too.

"Spare us...I beg you."

"The moment she told you she was a Luminarian, you should have fled." Ryker came closer warningly.

They shifted back.

"I understand your fury. I know you're still angry about the fact that your mother was killed immediately you were born, but can you just be the better person?" The mother begged again, and that seemed to open the anger floodgates.

She really shouldn't have said that, cos Ryker was with her in another breath. With raw rage, his dagger rammed into her chest, piercing her heart and coming out at her back.

Her blood splashed, wetting his face just the way he likes. His shirt and slacks got red with the blood too.

Ryker dragged the knife out of her chest and froze her again, raising his lids before shattering her.

"Please spare me!! I beg you don't kill me!! Spare me at least!!" The husband sat on the ground, pulling back with horror written in his eyes.

Ryker gave him a short stare, then he stood and bolted out of the ward, but he wasn't destined to escape.

When he got to the door, he froze completely, shattering under the pressure of Ryker's energy.

With bloodstained hands, Ryker carried the crying baby from the cot, then stepped out of the hospital.

He melted the country down before returning to Luminaria, landing back on the crossover ladder.

He got down and went to the census office where he dropped the crying baby with the other slave babies.

Leaving the census office, he teleported again—to his Bamboo Groove in the palace.

He threw away all stubbornness this time. He didn't even take off his clothes, he only got rid of his shoes before getting inside.

He sat beside the round wall and shut his eyes as the hot water simmered around him.

The water didn't affect his face though, so the beautiful blood splatter is still there.

But his body ice even made the water cold within minutes, so he had to magically drain the water.

Hot water filled the pool again from the entry pipe, and he sighed out, arms spreading out on the top.

His eyes opened when he had a flashback of the warmness he felt from her hand.

He hates touches cos everyone he touches just intensifies his coldness with their different auras.

But her?

It's the warmest he has ever felt, but he didn't bear the marks anyways.

He pulled out his phone, deciding to use human technology tonight.

He dialled Sage.

"My Lord? You actually called on phone?" Sage grinned.

"How many maidens got gathered already?" Ryker asked.

"99, just one more and hundred will be ready." Cheyenne said from the background.

"Make them two hundred." Ryker ordered.

"What!!"

He hung up and dropped the phone in the water, but then he felt something swelling underwater.

He picked it up.

It's the second Channeling Shell which he's supposed to give to Xena.

--

[Palace Park]

The twins car skid to a rough halt, and they both alighted, looking more energetic than they were in the morning.

Sadie killed someone, and that's enough to fuel them both.

"Sleep, Eat, Wake up at 10 to practice at Starr balcony?" Soren suggested.

"Practice, Eat, Sleep. Let's go with that order. If I sleep first, I'm not waking up till daybreak." Sadie replied, slamming the car door shut.

A castle maid came out to them. She's like their newscaster who tells them what they missed whenever they're in school.

"Something else happened?" Soren asked suspiciously.

"Grand Supreme ordered the new slave to be killed, but she pulled the dwarf with her. The bastard saved the new slave and hurt the dwarf fatally. The dwarf is in the soul hall." The maid dropped the gist.

Sadie laughed out delightfully, dropping her small black backpack on the ground.

"Seriously? She pulled the dwarf with her? Maybe I'll make the slave my sidekick. Soren, isn't she so useful?"

"Do whatever you want, no one's gonna stop you." Soren shrugged.

"But that's not all." The maid said.

Their eyes went back to her.

"What else happened?"

"The slave,... Grandmother made her...stay...in her..."

"Don't tell me Chamber is the last word in that sentence." Soren said.

The maid went silent.

--

[Granny's Chamber]

Jude is still inside.

Not like he's less busy, but he just wants to be here when Ryker finally comes back with Shayla.

So he brought the tax office returning files here to work on. He helps Gravd Supreme with the tax office to reduce the workload actually.

He was slapping the official stamp on one of the documents when he received a text on his phone.

It's Winona from the West Palace.

He doesn't have her number, but Winona texts just as authoritatively as she talks.

• Come to the West Palace, I have a gift you need to help me deliver for my girl.

Jude scoffed after reading. "Her girl? As if. No matter how many times I hear that, it's cliche and upsetting." 

He dropped the phone with no plans to text back, and the twins bursted into the chamber.

"You both hated Granny this morning, so why are you here again?" Jude stood.

They just walked past him and went inside. They didn't talk, but their expressions are enough to tell him that hell is about to break lose.

"Where are you both going?" Jude stood, deserting the documents and following them.

But the inner door slammed on his face, pounding him back.

Shayla's room is easy to recognize since it's the smallest in that chamber, and the door is open.

The twins entered easily, and Sadie's arm went crossed over her chest.

"There's only a bed in here, easy to mess up." She scoffed, facing Soren.

"I've been holding back my pee for too long." He muttered, climbing the bed.

He unbuckled his belt, slightly lowered his pants, stretched out his dîck and began peeing on the mattress.

"Perfect! Too good!" Sadie clapped, tipping her toes inside her heels.

Soren didn't stop peeing till the whole mattress got wet with the urine, then he moved to the walls.

"Excellent!" Sadie laughed again, her clappings continuing.

Jude rushed into the room, eyes popping when he saw the ongoing.

He literally flew to Soren at the other side of the room, throwing a sick punch to his face.

Soren fell from the bed, landing on the ground with his arm. The arm broke for real.

Sadie didn't stay idle. She flew there too, jumping on Jude's face.

Jude switched with a duck, coming to the other side of the bed.

Sadie pulled Soren up. They held hands with their left hands, and their eyes shared the brightest glow they've ever conjured.

The flash carried Jude out of the room, flinging him to the outside wall and slamming his head against it.

He fainted, and the twins dropped their hands, stopping their glows.

Granny Jojo entered the room in a rush, and she looks too terrified by what she's seeing.

She was actually in the bathroom, having her night bath when the chaos was happening.

"You two!" She shouted, and they held hands again.

"Why don't you just die this time around?" Sadie said.

"Since you've decided that muddling the Millions Family name is your job, then go to hell!" Soren added, the glows appearing in their eyes again.

Before the flash could hit Jojo, she pulled out a mirror from under her nightgown, blocking her face with it.

The flash from the mirror met the twins, throwing them across the room.

They both sustained head injuries.

"I'm old, but not silly. Putting you two in your places was my hobby when you both were growing up, but your parents ruined you both beyond repair." Jojo sighed.

They both stood at the same time, the blood draining from their heads meaning nothing to them.

"The only thing you're good at is manipulating mirrors. You're not a match, Jojo." Sadie grinned, breaking Granny's mirror with her mind.

The mirror fell to shatters at Jojo's feet, and the twins were about to end her life for good when Azura and Zeke entered.

"Mother" Sadie sighed.

"Father" Soren heaved.

"Were you both really gonna do that?" Azura said.

"She brought that slave into this chamber? If she loves her that much, she should go to the Slaves Hall with her! So far I'm still alive, then Granny is not taking that slave in!" The twins snapped at the same time as if they're using the same mouth.

Their telepathy is insane.

"Are you seriously raising your voices again? You know what happened the last time you two raised your voices" Zeke muttered.

"We don't care!" Sadie yelled, leaving with her brother.

Jude already regained his consciousness, and he's back to his feet outside the door, touching his bleeding head.

"This is the right time to build good relationship with your grandkids, are you really happy that you're ruining it?" Azura said.

"I'll only be a granny to a grandchild who deserves it, not your psychopathic twins!" Jojo yelled.

"You'll regret this, mother." Azura smiled and left the room.

"You don't deserve to be Azura's mother, she's too good for you." Zeke added and left too.

"Granny, are you ok?" Jude entered the room.

Jojo released the breaths she didn't know she was holding.

"When did those twins get this worse? Oh...gawd." she held her chest, looking around the ruined room. The pee is smelling so bad.

"I'll just give her another room. There are more than enough rooms here." She sighed, facing Jude who looks worried.

"Get rid of that worried look, you're the wounded one who needs attention. Why do you still allow them to bully you?" 

"I don't absorb energy from the FrostOrb room like them, so normally I'm weaker." Jude said.

"Sweet boy. Come, let's get your head wound healed." Jojo pulled him away.

--

[Main Castle]

Old Chef and Xena finished making dinner not long ago.

They already set the royal dinning for the family, but there's one more food that needs to be served.

Xena is carrying that one food on a tray, together with a bottle of warm water and a spoon.

She used the lift, going up a floor that's barely visited by the family.

On that floor, she opened a single door, then she went down concrete steps which led to a basement.

Getting to the basement, she met another wooden door. She knelt and placed the tray in front of the door.

A rough hand stretched out from under the door, dragging the tray of food into the room.

Xena stood and left the basement, never looking back till she shut the door behind herself.

She went down, and unfortunately, the first person she met was Soren who's still looking so pissed.

"Greetings, Grand Prince." She bowed and walked past him.

Soren yanked her back by her hair, and she landed on the ground where he kicked her in the face. Her lips bursted so much.

Xena couldn't even wince or groan. She wouldn't dare.

She just lay there, quietly in pains from his kick.

"The only iniquity you have is being the bastard's sister. From now on, whenever I see you, I'll kick you. If i forget, it's your job to remind me." He instructed, pocketing his hands before leaving.

Xena stood. She wiped the blood on her lips and proceeded to the castle kitchen.

Old Chef gasped on seeing her bursted lips.

"What happened out there?"

"Why did you spank Azura's ass that night? Why exactly?" Xena muttered, letting out her hate tonight.

Old Chef went still.

"Why? Just why did you do it? Cos of you, mother was killed, my twin is nowhere to be found, we're trapped here as chefs', and Ryker is trapped too while the whole family uses his blood on the FrostOrb to empower themselves. He's forbidden from showing us affection, he searches for my twin all day and night and also searches for his partner. He never rests, and he grew bloodthirsty. It's all your fault!" She vented.

"Xena—" Old Chef held her arms.

"I'm just getting tired, it's been more than 300 years. We're just suffering here in this trap and —"

Xena broke into tears at this point, and Old Chef hugged her, patting her back in repeats.

"I'm so sorry, Xena. I'm sorry."

He was crying too before he knew it.

--

[Millions Royal Dinning]

Just the twins and the parents are seated, eating silently. The sound of forks against the meals mingled with the air, plus the sounds of Soren's harsh breathings.

"Stop that. Fine, Jude broke your arm, but it has healed. Stop grunting." Zeke cautioned.

"You have no right to tell him to stop grunting!" Sadie said.

"Oh Sadie...learn to keep quiet sometimes. It's not a must to always have the final word " Azura said.

"If it's about my twin, then keeping quiet isn't an option." Sadie glared.

Jude entered, his head already healed during his wait at the chamber.

He took his seat, grabbing the mayonnaise and a slice of bread.

"There's good food on the table instead of bread, Jude." Azura said.

"I'm not interested in the good food tonight." Jude replied.

The twins are glaring viciously at him, and he could feel the weight of their evil eyes on his skin.

"Since the meeting to discuss the Feast failed the other time, why not reschedule it? We barely have one month before the Lantern Feast." He said, soaking the tension.

"Another meeting has been set for two days, it's settled." Zeke clarified.

"And is the most beautiful woman gonna get crowned again? I'm guessing it's gonna be Esme Vega again. Boring." Jude muttered.

"You don't like her cos she's Mercury's mother, and you don't like Mercury cos she's our friend." Soren sneered.

"Whatever." Jude waved him off, not ready for another fight.

"And I heard the dwarf Lilith is a banshee." Sadie said.

"Is that true?" Jude asked.

"Yeah, and she's gonna live. I'm not gonna let her die. We're replacing her damaged organs tomorrow with new ones." Zeke replied.

A spy worker appeared at the dinning door, and when the couple saw him, they stood to go meet him there.

"Report." Zeke said.

"We followed the bastard today like you ordered, and he didn't do much. He took the slave to Eastside culinary, probably to learn skills before she'd start staying with Grandmother officially." The spy reported.

"And?" Azura pinned for more.

"He went to the human world to kill a rule-breaker and her human husband. He came back with their baby and took the baby to the census office." The spy reported again.

"At least he still knows his job." Zeke scoffed.

"Anything about his partner?" Azura asked.

"Cheyenne and Sage are currently gathering 200 maidens, and they'll come to the palace tomorrow for his check." The spy supplied.

"200 maidens? That's the largest number of ladies he has ever checked. I guess he's taking it serious too, reason why we have to tighten our watch on him. He's gonna be checking the maidens at his Bamboo Groove as usual, we have to be there." Zeke said.

--

[Eastside Culinary School]

Break finally happened after five straight hours of learning and cooking.

Time is some minutes last 11pm, and the culinary students are pouring out of the kitchens after their teachers allowed their breaks.

Second session is gonna start at 12am till daybreak, and they'll be the ones to do the cooking by them.

The teachers are gonna rate them.

Shayla came out last from her own kitchen, and it's obvious the bratty girls are keeping their distance from her which she likes.

She wants no trouble.

She's looking around though, secretly admiring their looks, skins and outfits and jewelries.

She touched her ear. 

Her parents didn't even do her the favor of piercing it so she can't wear earrings.

Even if they had pierced it, where is the earring? The cheapest jewelry in this city is nothing less than half a million nyx, so she'd never be able to.

But she really wishes that one day, she'd wear jewelries too and wear good clothes like them.

Though it looks impossible.

She took her sit far from the others who are chatting in groups. She automatically became a loner.

She sat alone on the pavement, frowning when she saw her finger.

She had mistakingly cut her small finger when she was slicing onions earlier, so where did the cut go?

It's not there anymore.

"Did I imagine the cut?" She muttered, brushing it off when she remembered the Channeling Shell.

She pulled it out, impatiently eager to speak to Xena.

"Hey, Xena!" She talked into the shell, and it shone...shinny blue glitters.

"Wow..." She checked it out again.

"Hey... Xena! It's me, Shayla."

She went a little louder, but nothing still came, so she checked blinked.

"Does this even work?" She muttered.

"Finally on your so-called break?" Ryker's deep voice came instead, causing her to blink twice.

"My Lord?"

"Does the voice sound different?" He replied, and she smiled widely.

"You said you were going to give the second piece to Xena"

"I forgot" he replied.

"Demigods also forget things?

"Your point?" He grunted.

"I was just trying to be...my bubbly self. You're always too stuck-up." She said, her boldness resuming work.

"Stuck-up?"

"Yes. You're stiff like your ice." She said cheerfully.

He didn't talk any further.

"The teacher is just as good as she said. We cooked all the meals in the manual together, and by 12, I'm going to cook by myself, and you'll see... I'll be the best here. The others have been here for long, but I'm willing to humble them as the one-of-it's-kind newcomer." She said.

"Slaves can be arrogant too." He sharply replied, and she chuckled, but her chuckle was short-lived when someone hit the Channeling Shell away from her.

A black boot landed on it, breaking it to bits on the ground.

Shayla stood, coming face-to-face with a trio from the kitchen girls.

The three folded their arms on their chests, glaring at her.

"Why would you do that?" Shayla questioned, trying not to sound angry. A slave has no right.

"Tell us, who were you talking to? A boyfriend? Are slaves free to get in a relationship in this city now?" The middle girl said.

"Boyfriend?" The one by the right laughed scornfully. "With that skin? And rough hair? And the shoes are worse." 

"No...take a closer look at the shoe. It's actually expensive!" The one by the left gasped, bending a bit.

"It's loco! The largest brand in this city! This is their design from four months ago!"

"What! How come she's wearing that!" The middle one gasped.

"I bet she stole it. You wanted to impress Lord Ryker that bad?" The right one snickered.

"Hold her down, I'm slipping it off." The middle one who looks like their leader said.

"Don't come closer!" Shayla moved, but she could only talk, she can't act. 

Getting into a scuffle with these girls will put her in a trouble she can't afford. They're rich bitçhes.

She was held down, her arse hitting the pavement hard. They slipped off Granny's shoes from her feet, then they threw it off.

Shayla stood, making sure she saw where they threw it at. She started going there to pick it up.

But she was pulled back magically, and she found herself in front of the three girls again.

"What!" She gasped.

"We didn't plan to take off just your shoes. Your gown has to go too. Let's see how much bones you have left in that tiny body." They said, the three of them grabbing her gown in different places.

Shayla struggled with them this time. She might be a slave, but her dignity is still precious.

She struggled hard and harder, pushing and pulling, but more girls joined the three girls, and they became too much on her.

They overpowered her completely, tearing off the top part of her gown.

Her breàsts spilled out.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️ HEART OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 17&18

Reply All Comments, Drop Urs, Like and Massively Share.

Complete Requirements Early Or Don't Expect Anything Tomorrow.

#Unedited 

★

Shayla's breaths went cold, everything came to a standstill. Her upper lips refused to embrace the lower one.

She quickly covered her breàsts with her palms, but the girls didn't stop their harassment.

"Stop it!!!!" She cried out, her skin stinging with the various cruel hands on her body.

"The hell is going on!" Her kitchen teacher came out, beyond shocked.

"Get away from her! Are you girls deaf? Get the hell away!" She shouted, pushing most of them off.

She removed her jacket and covered Shayla's open chest with it, then she took another jacket from one of the other teachers. She covered Shayla's open tummy with that one.

She shoved Shayla behind herself, facing the bullies.

"What do y'all think you're doing? She was brought here by Lord Ryker himself, and you're doing this? You guys are tired of living?"

"It doesn't matter. She's a slave and nothing will change that fact. Not some expensive shoes or the pretty face. She's a slave! So what if Lord Ryker brought her here? I'm sure the purpose was for us to teach her a lesson which we did. He'll be proud of us." Their ringleader said.

"I have nothing more to say to y'all. Nothing at all." The teacher said, rushing down to where they threw Shayla's shoes.

She got the pair and came back to take Shayla's hand, pulling her into her own office where she sat her down.

"I think I have a spare dress in my car, I'll get you that. They ruined your dress completely." She said gently, but Shayla is still hiccuping, she couldn't reply.

She left and came back shortly with the dress for Shayla.

She gave her privacy, and Shayla changed into the bright pink dress. Its got thin sleeves, the tail spread from her waist to her knees.

Luckily it has inbuilt bra like the torn dress, so her bóobs are well covered.

Shayla wore the shoe back too, then she sniffled and faced the door.

"I'm done."

The teacher came back in with a smile. "Whoa, you look good in it"

"Thank you." Shayla said, still trying to stop her sniffles.

"I'm sorry for coming late to get you. Those girls are ruthless, I should have known this would happen. Tell me what you'd like to eat. I have some cake in my freezer and some juice, would you have them?" The teacher offered.

Shayla almost said yes, but she controlled herself.

She might love food, but there's a limit to her craves.

"No. I'm fine." She said, and she saw the teacher's disappointed look immediately.

"Can you not tell Lord Ryker what happened here?" She asked.

Shayla looked up.

"Please I'm begging you earnestly. He wouldn't move with just anyone, and the fact that he brought you here himself means I'm in trouble if this gets out. I'm talking about big trouble. If he freezes this school, then I'm done for. My career would be over and I can't afford that. So please...can you do that for me?" The teacher continued, holding her hands.

Shayla blinked slowly, eyes still red from the tears she shed.

The teacher quickly got wet tissues, pressing them on her eyes to quell the redness.

"Please don't tell." She begged again.

"It's ok..." Shayla took the tissues from her, resuming the quelling herself. "I won't tell."

"Seriously?" The teacher smiled in relief.

Shayla nodded simply.

"Thank you! And are you sure you're not interested in the cake? I promise it's not bribe." The teacher touched her hair.

"I'm seriously fine." Shayla nodded.

They left the office at 12, returning to their kitchen where they met the other girls chatting and laughing beside their cookers.

They stopped chatting when Shayla entered, and her eyes stayed up, never going down as she stared back at them.

Twelve girls bullied her, and she knows their faces, so she was returning their looks till she got to her cooker at the back of the class, but even the cooker has been messed with.

The wires got cut already, obviously the work of the mean girls.

The teacher didn't talk about it. She replaced it with another cooker, and it was Shayla herself who put fire on it from the lighter.

The second half of the class started, and everyone cooked their delicacies with the remaining hours of the night.

By 6am, they were done. 

Shayla cooked all ten dishes she was taught in the manual, and they were all ready for tasting at 6pm too.

She set her meals on the table like the other girls, and the teacher called in tasters from other kitchens.

The tasting started.

Shayla stayed anxious till they got to her side, tasting her dishes one after the other.

"How many hours did you prepare these ten dishes for?" One of them asked her with mouthful of meat.

"6 hours." Shayla replied, her anxiousness growing.

"You're not only excellent, but time-efficient and know how to effortlessly merge the taste of food with the aromas. Just by smelling the scent, I know what to expect, and your beef and chicken? They're tender and I feel like I'm eating jelly. It melts." The taster said.

Shayla smiled widely.

"Thank you, and it's all thanks to my teacher."

"Leave teacher out of this, young girl. When did you start cooking?" The taster asked again, eating from the salad.

"This is my first cooking" Shayla replied.

"That can't be true..." The taster said with disbelief.

"It's her first, she's a fast learner." The teacher intervened.

By now, the other girls are glaring at Shayla, wishing they had torn her apart earlier. How dare she take all the praises here?

"Then would you like to work in my kitchen? I operate the second largest kitchen in this city, and I serve exclusively." The taster offered.

"Huh?" Shayla said unbelievably.

The girls at the back gasped, jealousy mixing with their hatred.

"I'm afraid she can't." The teacher said.

"Why can't she? She's good, and you know I pay my workers well." The taster insisted.

"I'm...a slave" Shayla muttered, and that was enough to kill any interest the taster had in her skills.

"Oh...I... didn't know. Your pink dress didn't give you away." He said awkwardly.

"Lord Ryker brought her here by himself, and she was trained to cook for the Granny only." The teacher explained.

The kitchen emptied out as the tasters took their leave, and the teacher handed a packaged buffet to Shayla, containing the several dishes she made.

With a thankful smile, Shayla took it and left the kitchen, going back to the front of the school to wait for Ryker.

It's 7am, so the day already broke. She could feel her own hunger, rumbling through her empty stomach.

She had cooked all night, perceiving different aromas without tasting, so it's normal to feel the pangs.

She set the food package down and squatted beside it before opening it, picking from the sliced cake.

She covered the package and took a large bite from the cake while still squatting there.

She moved some of her greasy hair away from her face as the strands are trying to enter her mouth.

She had another bite, and just as she was about to start chewing that, Ryker's voice sliced through the morning air.

"Is it that delicious?"

She spranged up, her cheeks still swollen with the cake.

Ryker stood there, in his robe, right arm slightly raised and the left one staying fluidly beside him, covered almost completely by the large robe sleeve.

"My Lord" she smiled her usual cheerful one.

He faced her, and she quickly swallowed the cake in her mouth, wiping her lips to get rid of the crumbs.

"Why are you in pink?"

"Oh..." She said slowly, looking at her new dress then back at him...

"I spilled stew on my dress during the cooking, so the teacher gave me this to change into." She lied.

His eyes gave her a gaze she doesn't quite understand, and she started wondering if he caught on.

Did he somehow figure out that it's a lie?

"And the class?" He asked. 

That somehow lifted her worries, and her smile returned to her face.

"It was enjoyable. The tasters commended me, and I really cooked the best dishes. They gave me a full buffet package." She said, lifting the package from the ground.

His expression turned so sour as if the sight of the food package irritates him.

"Do you not eat?" She asked.

"I don't have to eat to live, I never get hungry." He replied, spreading his palm for her.

"There are many beneficial peaks for being a demigod." She said, placing her palm on his own.

They teleported back to the palace—granny's chamber.

"Finally back?" Jojo stood from her bed, smiling as she welcomed Shayla in her arms.

"How was it?" She asked.

"Nice" Shayla nodded, showing her the food package.

"You really can't do without food, can you?" Granny laughed.

Ryker's nose picked up the smell of urine, and he went inside, tracing it to Shayla's room.

Soren's pee got cleaned by the maids, but it's still smelling a lot.

"The twins...they barged in and did this." Jojo came in, and Shayla followed behind her.

Ryker scanned the room silently without allowing an hint in his eyes—as if what Jojo just said meant nothing.

Shayla couldn't even talk. What would she say? She has no choice, maybe she's gonna return to the slaves hall.

"But it's all good. There are more rooms, and she can stay in the one at the back. I built a barrier around it with my blood, so the twins won't be able to enter." Jojo said again.

"Good." Ryker faced Shayla.

"You know the timetable."

"Yes. I'll clean the chamber first, then cook breakfast." She replied.

Ryker left the room, and she stared at his back view till he was outta the door.

"Come with me, I'll show you to your new room." Jojo said, leaving the room too.

Shayla went to the pee-soaked bed and lifted the pillow.

Luckily, the handkerchief is still there...dry.

It's unaffected by the pee.

She took it, tucked it inside her gown pocket before following Jojo.

Her new room isn't far from the ruined one, and this one is more spacious. The bed is larger too.

By the window, there's a wind chime with a fire-shaped suspension.

Shayla sat on the bed after dropping her package on the ground.

"You like it?" Jojo asked.

"Thank you for everything. This is the largest kindness I've ever received all my life. It almost feels unreal." Shayla said, looking emotional.

Jojo sat beside her in bed, stroking her shoulder for a second.

"I just like you, and though I dunno why. But I know my soul likes you too. And I hope we stay good forever. Don't disappoint."

"I won't. I promise." Shayla smiled.

"Yunno what? You don't have to clean. Just cook and go to sleep. You didn't sleep last night so you need it." Jojo said.

"No. I must clean. I really don't want anything to anger Lord Ryker." Shayla stood.

"Well then, as you wish." Jojo gestured, and Shayla left the room with a chuckle.

--

[Soul Hall]

Azura dropped her arms after about an hour of raising them above Lilith's body in bed.

She finished replacing her broken ruptured organs already, so she fused them with her powers to make them merge with her body.

It's now done, and all that's left is for Lilith to wake up.

She picked a cup of wine from the table behind her, drinking it all at a go. Zeke entered immediately she lowered the cup from her lips.

"How's it going?" He asked.

"You're always absent, and I'm tired of asking you where you went." Azura glared at him.

"This morning is the maidens check, and I had to select the guards who'd stay around the Groove to see how it goes. I wasn't slacking, so chill." Zeke replied at once, staring at Lilith.

"She's ready. The organs already merged with her body, she only has to wake up." Azura said.

"How many days do we have to wait for?" Zeke asked.

"She should be up in some hours." Azura sat in front of him.

"After she wakes, what next?" She asked.

"She becomes our unmatched messenger of death, what else?" Zeke replied, and Azura filled her glass.

--

[Heartless Tower]

Ryker stood between the two treasure shelves of artifacts and antiques in the middle of the tower.

His eyes are roaming around the shelves, from one to another. And his demeanor is madly calm.

He reached for the left shelf and picked a wrapped paper from it. He unwrapped it and threw something like candy in his mouth.

"That's the blood poison." Cheyenne said, entering the room.

"Are the maidens here?" Ryker asked, ignoring her first words.

"You just swallowed the blood poison." Cheyenne said again.

"Are the maidens here? You either answer this time, or I force you to swallow the blood poison too." Ryker replied, and though his calm demeanor is still intact, it's eerie.

"Yes. The two hundred maidens are here. Sage is currently leading them to the Groove." Cheyenne replied with reluctance.

"Go join him, I'll be there in ten." Ryker instructed.

With a bow, Cheyenne left the room, and Ryker left too.

He didn't go straight to the Groove. He went to the main castle, sliding into the FrostOrb Hall.

He gave himself a cut and wet the orb with his poisoned blood, very well.

He was about to exit the room when the twins came in, their eyes still heavy with sleep.

It's obvious they came here immediately they woke up.

But their sleep flew off immediately they saw Ryker, and their expressions bittered up.

"It's the infamous bastard, been awhile since I ran into you like this. What have you been up to? Have you been sleeping around with the slave? Or plotting treason with granny?" Sadie said, her arms going crossed across her chest.

"I go for the first one. I mean...she might be a slave, but I must admit she's a little fine. I understand if you're laying with her, but getting her involved with our granny? I won't take that! I will never!" Soren stepped forward, getting in Ryker's face like they're mates.

"Step back." Ryker ordered with absoluteness, and Soren frowned, his bravado falling flat at his feet.

"Stay back?" He repeated.

Sadie pulled Soren away from Ryker's path, and Ryker left the room.

"Why did you pull me that way?" Soren asked.

"I mean... he's a bastard who's held down here cos of his sister's lifeline, but still... going against him in this FrostOrb Hall would be senseless. He owns all the aura in here, and we only share by absorbing." Sadie replied.

"That's new, Sadie is actually scared of someone?" Soren scoffed.

"It's not fear. It's called giving what belongs to Cesar to Cesar." Sadie rolled eyes.

They entered the room fully, both shutting their eyes and embracing the aura of the orb. They absorbed the power they'd be needing today.

--

[Bamboo Groove]

Nothing is more enjoyable to Cheyenne right now than the bored look on Ryker's face.

He's already checking out the maidens, and as he checked them out nakedly, they file out of the Groove through the side exit.

Cheyenne is the one controlling the exit, and Sage is controlling the entrance.

Ryker's knuckles are rested on his temple as he watched them with disinterested eyes.

He has checked 50+ maidens already, but none bears that stupid fire mark.

He's aware that Grand Supreme's men are surrounding this Groove, but when if the partner would be among these maidens, the probability that they'd get her before him is zero. He's not that dense.

Grand Supreme's men would only see what he wants them to see, and that's why they can't even see the fact that he checked the slave for the mark.

When the 60th maiden entered for her check, Ryker closed his eyes, getting extra bored.

"I cooked pasta for breakfast. I hope you enjoy it, Granny." Shayla's voice entered his ears, and his eyes opened slowly.

"My Lord, you still have 140 maidens to check. Time is running." Sage urged.

The maidens resumed their entries, and Ryker resumed his check.

For the next one hour, he didn't stop, making sure he got over the boring check once and for all.

"Again, we got nothing. Where the hell is the partner hiding?" Sage groaned tiredly.

"Can't believe we gathered maidens all night only to end up with nothing."

"And the most painful part? They're all so hot. I was wishing one of them would be." Cheyenne said, both standing in front of Ryker.

"But My Lord, why did you swallow the blood poison earlier?" Cheyenne asked.

"He swallowed what?" Sage gasped.

"You know what it's for, stop with the annoying news fishing." Ryker snapped.

"You wet the orb with your poisoned blood so first two people to absorb energy from it today would get wounded internally? But why?" Sage said.

"Wait... first two people would be the twins. They're always the first so they'll be the victims. Is it because of what they did to the slave's room? Did you do it cos of the slave?" Cheyenne said, her eyes darkening with rage again.

"What slave?" Ryker glared up, and she batted her lids.

"The room they ruined is in Granny's chamber, they deserve more than internal wounds." Ryker continued.

Cheyenne and Sage went silent.

"Find me the whereabouts of twelve particular girls." Ryker suddenly said, and their eyes went back to him.

"Twelve girls?" They chorused.

"And their families." Ryker added.

--

[Granny's Chamber]

Jojo is done eating her breakfast of pasta, and she fell into a peaceful nap afterwards, so Shayla is currently cleaning the places she left out.

She's eating from the snacks in her buffet package as she wiped dust from Jojo's treasury with a napkin.

Xena sat on a stool not far from her. She's eating the snacks with her, and they're chatting at the same time.

"What's your age?" Shayla suddenly asked.

"353. Three years older than my brother." Xena replied, and Shayla sighed.

"You guys that are gifted with long life and everlasting youngness are the luckiest.

"Luckiest? You really dunno how many times I've wished for death just to get out of this hellhole, but I can't even die cos my lifeline is with that wicked Grand Supreme." Xena replied, munching her cake.

"Do you think it's right to keep things from Lord Ryker?" Shayla asked the question that has been bothering her.

"Don't try it. He dislikes lies. Just tell him what's up. By the way, what are you hiding?" Xena asked.

"Nothing. Just to be safe." Shayla smiled awkwardly, returning to her cleaning.

She dropped her cleaning napkin when she came across a treasure tv, and Xena stood too.

"Does that still work?" She asked, pressing the button in front of the TV.

Surprisingly, it came on. There's only one TV station in the whole of Luminaria, and it either shows news about fashion, beauty, ballet, richness, royalty or power..

That's how crazily vain they are.

And right now...a fashion show is ongoing, with the most fashionable diva in this city on the red carpet.

"That's Liza! Liza King! The fashion diva. I swear I've been hoping to meet her one day. Apart from ballerina, I'm hoping to really meet this woman. His son Kade is so hot too and I have a crush on him! I heard she's attending the Upcoming Feast so I can't wait... maybe I'll be able to see her!" Xena gushed like an obsessed fan girl.

Shayla sat there, watching the TV with folded emotions that are trying to ripple out.

Liza King is her mother.

And every Luminarian who gets pregnant for a human is supposed to get executed, but how Liza is still alive today is a story Shayla isn't ready to think about.

She turned off the tv, and Xena faced her.

"I was watching my idol!" 

"Can we practice ballet instead?" Shayla went to the middle of the room where she began making her moves, standing on her toes to do the dance just the way she saw the twins doing it.

"You're a witch, aren't you?" Xena gasped, coming closer.

"What?" Shayla laughed.

"I only made you watch the twins with me once, and you already know this much moves? Give me your brain!" Xena held her head, and Shayla laughed again.

They both eventually turned the treasury to a practice room, secretly doing their dance without grabbing attention.

--

[Lumi Fashion Show]

The show is majorly for showing off the most fashionable women in the city, and there are many wannabes but none can ever stand beside Liza.

Liza doesn't have to try. She tops the fashion chain here, owning the major styling websites in the city where citizens pay millions to get her to style them. She's crazy about it.

The show ended as early as it started, and the fashion divas began leaving the red carpet, returning to their cars.

Liza was getting greeted by the others as she neared her car, but as usual, she didn't reply. She never replies.

She's beautiful too, and that gets into her head too much.

She competes yearly with Esme for the crown of beauty.

She entered her car where her son—Kade sat, eating apples.

"You weren't with apples when I was leaving this car." Liza said.

"Don't act like I'm a powerless fool like your daughter." Kade replied, and another apple appeared on his palm. He took a fresh bite from that one and grinned.

"Stop mentioning the daughter, you never listen." Liza sighed.

"I just can't help it. I mean... she's a slave and it's interesting to tell. I'm just glad you didn't birth us for the same father, I'd have hung myself." Kade sighed.

"Kade..." Liza warned again.

"I'm curious, what spell did you put on her to cover the fire mark? How powerful is the spell that even the insane demigod hasn't known who she is?" Kade leaned forward.

"Must you do this?" Liza faced him.

"Tell me...or I'll announce to everyone that she's your daughter." Kade said seriously.

"I'll tell you when we get home, now shut that smart mouth." Liza rolled eyes, purring the car engines to life.

Kade was smirking as she drove them home. The fact that Shayla is even still alive is bad.

Meaning he's not the only child of Liza? Bullshit.

May Shayla die in that place palace soon, and may her stupid powers remain buried.

--

[West Palace]

Faye looked mad as she came out of the castle. She just got in her car and rode out of the gate.

Same with Blaise. He came out and screeched off, nearly bursting his car tyres.

At the same time, Jude drove in, his car nearly colliding with Blaise's.

He halted at the small park and came out, scoffing as he watched the back view of Blaise's car.

"Is he always angry? That red hair must be driving him nuts." He shook his head, throwing a glance at the castle.

He was about to proceed inside when Winona came out, holding the gift package she had gotten for Shayla.

She handed it to Jude who took it with a sneer.

"Try to put some respect on the texts you always send. I risked my life to come here, my parents mustn't find out. You should thank me." 

"Thank you, and make sure it gets to my girl. She'd like what I prepared." Winona smiled.

"Sure... helping the helpless is fruitful." Jude smiled back, and Winona sent him middle fingers.

He returned raised his middle fingers too before getting back in his car, driving out of the castle.

Kasia joined Winona outside the castle, and she let out a heave beside her.

"You were right, Jude might be helpful too." 

"I told you, so when are you gonna start making your move? I seriously can't wait to get my girl." Winona faced her.

"Calm down, we can't do this in a hurry. Relax for me." Kasia said.

Meanwhile, Jude hasn't driven far from the castle when he tossed Winona's gift package out of his car window.

"Give it to her? If only you know how crazy I am about the slave too." He smirked, driving his way back to the East Palace.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School]

The weather became too cold, and the air turned even colder before Blaise and Faye got to school.

They both came out of their respective cars and pulled their pullovers over their heads.

Blaise covered his own head completely with the cap, and the coverage even spread to his face cos he doesn't want attention from the students.

Despite the fact that he escaped the thunder punishment, they're still gonna mock him.

He could feel Faye's steps faltering behind him as they walked into the building together, and he doesn't even care.

It's good that she's keeping her distance, or he might just tell her something to make her hang.

They curved the corridor that led to their practice hall, and they had to move out of the way cos things are happening.

The school is in chaos.

The twins are crying in pains. They're both holding their bellies, rolling on the hallway ground.

They're bleeding too, from their bellybuttons. And it's the strangest bleeding spots ever.

Mercury is crying as she knelt in-between the two of them.

"What's really happening? Someone call the palace! Sadie! Soren!!!"

Blaise left the corridor, going outside to see the cold weather is getting worse. Now the clouds are even turning black like it's gonna rain.

And just as he thought about that, the rain began falling as if it's monitoring his mind and thoughts.

--

[East Palace, Royal Office]

Azura and Zeke are reviewing the tax documents that Jude worked on, and they both look hella bus.

They're not even looking at each other.

They don't even care about the black atmosphere or the pouring rain.

A guard ran into the office without knocking, and Zeke was ready to strike him down, but the news he brought was more important.

"The twins, they're in danger in school." 

"My babies?" Azura stood, throwing away the pen she's using.

Another guard came inside, and that one looks terrified than the first one.

"The bastard...he entered the city, and we followed him like you instructed. We thought he wanted to go in search of Xena's twin again, but then he started gathering girls. Twelve girls from the culinary school, but not only the girls, he also gathered their families—parents, cousins, nephews, nieces, friends and grandparents. He slaughtered them all at Mount Zhitomir. They're over 300." He reported.

"He what???" Zeke and Azura chorused, their eyes widening.

--

[Granny's Chamber]

Xena was panting as she ran inside, and she's very wet from the rain cos she held no umbrella here.

The weather is still dark, and the rain is still very heavy.

She met Granny at the outer chamber, and she's communicating with her mirror.

"Xena?" Jojo stood.

"Grandma, where's Shay?" She asked breathlessly, and Shayla came out of the inner chamber, her hair twisted and dress crumpled cos she was sleeping before Xena came.

"What happened at the culinary school yesterday? Be honest with me. You said something about lying to my brother." Xena rushed to her.

"Nothing happened" Shayla said, determined to uphold her promise to the teacher.

"Stop lying! If nothing happened, then why did he gather twelve girls from the school and their family generations to slaughter ?" Xena said.

"What!" Shayla's eyes widened.

"Slaughtered?" Jojo stood.

"I started suspecting the moment it started raining suddenly. But now it has been confirmed. The news is everywhere. He killed them all." Xena said breathlessly.

Shayla swallowed twice and thrice, trying to digest everything.

Twelve girls bullied her last night, and he killed twelve girls and their families today.

He knew? 

He fuckin knew?

She must have been so silly to think he wouldn't find out.

He's the feared demigod, so what was she thinking?

She rushed out of the chamber, refusing to listen to the callings of Xena and Jojo.

She doesn't even know the location of Heartless Tower in this palace, but she heart it's in the middle, so she found her way to the middle after ten minutes of rallying round in the rain.

She was soaked by the time she arrived there, but she vet Cheyenne and Sage in front of the tower, and she just knows it'd be hard especially with Cheyenne.

"Is Lord Ryker back?" She asked.

"Now that you got a little room at the chamber, you're suddenly asking of him? Damn, I hate your guts." Cheyenne went forward, but Sage pulled her back.

"Let me go I should put this slût in her place!" Cheyenne pulled back.

"I'm not a slût, stop calling me that. Call me a slave instead." Shayla replied.

"Did she just talk back? Seriously? Sage I need to end her life, now!" Cheyenne spat, wanting to move again, but the rain suddenly stopped, though the dark weather still stayed.

"My Lord?" Sage blinked as Ryker appeared behind them.

Cheyenne relaxed too, inhaling deep.

With a soft turn, Shayla faced him too, and she wasn't surprised with his appearance.

Bloody face, again. More bloody than she has ever seen on him.

Even his robe is dripping with blood as if he bathed with it.

His hands are bloody, too. Down to his feet.

He signalled to his knights, and they both went inside. Cheyenne was glaring obviously at Shayla till she was out of sight.

Ryker stepped Shayla aside, walking past her on the paved ground without sparing her a glance.

"She begged me! The teacher begged me not to tell, so I had pity and didn't tell!" She quickly said.

With an unexpected twist, Ryker whipped around, facing her. There's no warmth in his eyes again. There has never been.

"Pity? I'll kill you if you mention that one more time in front of me. I took you there, and they did that, meaning they lost regards and fear. How dare anyone touch what I planted? And you thought it was natural to let it go and have pity on the teacher by not telling me? I badly want to kill you right now. So shut up, and don't make it come to pass." He said, easily as if death is his favorite chant.

The words shoved a jagged ice to Shayla's mind, and despite the induced fear, she looked him straight in the eye, her palms getting sweaty even with the rainwater on her skin.

Ryker resumed his walk, but just as he was about to get to the main door, she went after him again, boldly grabbing his bloody hand.

Ryker stopped, his face turning back and his eyes landing on the hand she's holding.

Her warmness wrapped around him again like a second skin, spreading from that arm to his chest, his back...

"I'm sorry, Moy Vladika. I won't lie to you anymore." She said softly, meaning every word.

Moy Vladika means My Lord in his family language.

He looked up, his eyes catching hers.

"Let go of that hand, now!!" Cheyenne bursted out, coming for them with her long red nails.

A wave of Ryker's free hand landed Cheyenne on the floor. She passed out like a lump.

Shayla held Ryker's hand with her second hand too, feeling his intense coldness deep under her skin.

TBC
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️ HEART OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 19&20

MY PHONE FELL YESTERDAY, AND IT WAS MALFUNCTIONING, SO DESPITE THE FACT THAT THIS CHAPTER WAS READY, I COULDN'T POST FOR Y'ALL.

I MADE THE SWEET CHAPTER LONGER, SO ENJOY.

COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW OR DON'T WAIT FOR NEXT CHAPTER THOUGH.

REPLY ALL MY COMMENTS, DROP YOURS PERSONALLY, CLICK THE LIKE BUTTON AND SHARE MASSIVELY.

★

[Mount Zhitomir]

Bodies lay scattered everywhere, all bloody and out of life. Many heads are separated from the bodies, and several legs are far from the bowels.

The few bodies that are still intact are either dented in the tummy or pounded with a ghastly hole in the head. Blood covered the rocks till there's no bloodless spot left.

The smell of gore and doom lingered thickly in the air.

The scene isn't for the weak-hearted, there's no single living soul in sight.

Azura appeared on top of the mountain, and Zeke landed right beside her, both unable to conceal the shocks on their faces at the realization of the scene.

They're stepping corpses like rugs as they walked forward, blood painted the base of their shoes.

"It's a total massacre here" Azura muttered, the smell of blood driving her wild already.

"They're 301 in number" Zeke rounded the bodies with his large eyes. "Twelve full generations. He did it as if he has been waiting for this day for years."

"He didn't use the ice power. If he did, then these people would have shattered and melted, we wouldn't even meet their corpses." Azura said.

"Of course it's the ice. The ice can't only freeze and shatter, it can also slaughter so far he fuses it with the core of his own soul. It works in stages, and you just witnessed the second stage. I told you this before, did you forget?" Zeke explained.

"You never said anything to me about stages!" Azura argued, stalking to him like a child. "And did you just say stages? So there's still another stage beyond this one? He killed this much at once at stage 2, so when he gets to the last stage, he'll be able to wipe out the whole of this city at once?"

Panic surged in her eyes as the words slipped out of her mouth.

"He won't be able to get to the last stage without his partner, and did you forget we'll never let him use her? Even if he gets to that stage, I have his sister's lifeline. He'll forever remain our captive, our tool! The more ice stages he unlocks, the more power we get to absorb from the orb. It's all working for our own good after all." Zeke held her shoulders, levelling his eyes with hers.

"I'm still restless. You mean to tell me we're just gonna let him be after he killed this much?" Azura scoffed.

"There are over five million citizens in this city, so him killing 301 means nothing. We have to keep quiet and let him think he has absolute power for now." Zeke smiled.

"But why? Why would he do this? Agreed, he's always killing one or two, but what drove him to kill this much?" Azura wondered, still very restless.

"We'll have to find that out when we get back. Now, shall we feed our hunger?" Zeke faced the bodies.

Azura did the same, their eyes went shut, and they connected with the aura of death.

They began sucking out the souls of the dead bodies. It merged with their own bodies in form of a dark fog.

The fog surrounded the mountain.

--

[East Palace, Heartless Tower]

Ryker is still in front and tower, so is Shayla.

Her two hands are still holding his one hand, and their eyes are still staring deeply at each other, as if they're communicating with the stare.

Cheyenne's unconscious body is gone from the ground. Sage came for it already, so it's just the two of them.

The dark weather is gone, the day is as bright as it should be, though the weather is insanely cold.

Shayla's eyes went down to the contact, and they stared at it for long.

He's got beautiful slender fingers, but she was quick to push that thought away before looking up again.

He's still looking at her.

"Um...will you...kill me if I let go of your hand?" She talked.

"Depends" he replied, a little low.

Slowly, she slipped her hand away from his own, and Ryker folded his hand, wanting to keep the lingering warmness there.

Normally, during extremely cold weather like this, his ice acts up more than usual. 

Also, he just unlocked the second stage of the ice power, so he's supposed to feel cold like never before and get weak for hours, but none of it is happening.

He's fine, and he's stronger than ever... just because she held his hand? Just because he felt her warmness?

If she's not the partner, then who is this innocently bold slave?

His brows went arched before he knew it, and the blood on his robe made DRIP sounds as they dropped on the rocky ground.

"Then...am I... forgiven?" She spoke again, raising those lashes at him.

"You think forgiveness is that easy to buy?" He replied sharply.

"Then what do I have to do?" She asked, her stutters disappearing.

"Should I bring you some food? I can make you fruits salad." 

"I told you, I do not eat." He declared, point-blank before proceeding further.

"Moy Vladika!" Shayla went after him again, blocking his way.

"Do you want to die?" He glared.

"I know you don't have to eat to satisfy your hunger, but it's my way of saying sorry. I promise I'll make it moderate, you'll like it." She smiled, moving away from his path.

Ryker finally went into the tower, and the door closed on him.

Shayla left in a rush.

--

[Knights Quarters]

Cheyenne lay flat on the small treatment bed, and Sage stood beside her with a blue pill between his fingers.

He opened her mouth slightly, pushing the blue pill inside. 

Despite her unconscious state, Cheyenne swallowed.

"C'mon, c'mon." Sage muttered, watching her eyes and waiting for them to peer open.

In exactly one minute, her eyes opened, widely.

"Cheyenne!" Sage sat beside her quickly, smiling in relief.

Cheyenne sat up, recollecting what had happened before she passed out.

A smirk took over her face.

"Lord Ryker stroke me down cos of her? There was unity between the three of us, and now that she's suddenly here, she's trying to tear us apart? She's clearly seducing him!"

"Seducing who? Are you serious? He won't get drawn to anyone who's not his partner, you know it!" Sage cautioned.

"The why is he doing all these for her? Even hurting me for her?" Cheyenne flared up, showing him her wounded elbow.

She sustained the injury when Ryker made her land on the ground earlier.

"Look at it! Has it ever happened?"

"He's not doing anything for her! Calm down and think!" Sage said.

"He killed 12 people and their generations just because they bullied her! And you're telling me it's not for her? Make it make sense, Sage!" 

"He needed to kill as much as he could to unlock his second stage! Don't you get it? He needed to shed as much blood as possible! He might have killed them cos they bullied her, but trust me it's just an excuse. He has been waiting years for this, he just needed an opportunity, and it appeared the moment they bullied her! Calm down for once in your life!" Sage shouted.

Cheyenne released heavy breaths, looking him dead in the eyes.

"He's in the second stage already?"

"Damn it! Yes!" Sage said, looking totally frustrated.

"Fine, he killed them cos he needed to unlock second stage, but we both know he hates physical touch like mad! The only person he allows touches from is Granny, that's because her aura is pure, and he only even allows her touch once or twice a year. When you mistakenly touched him during the feast last year, tell me what happened?" Cheyenne demanded.

"He paralyzed my hands for two full days." Sage replied calmly.

"Correct! But earlier in front of the tower, he allowed that girl to touch him and...geez! I'm going crazy. I just don't feel good about her." Cheyenne held her head with an hand, pacing around the room.

"He's our Lord, you can't go against him. I'm warning you again Cheyenne. He knows what he's doing and you know his temper is fiery. I don't want him to kill you so lay low very well. As for why he allowed the slave girl to touch him, I'll investigate." Sage said.

"I don't care, all I know is that any girl that's not the partner is not allowed beside him. I won't allow him to fall into that slût's seduction!" Cheyenne barked, exiting the room.

Sage took a long deep breath, resuscitating his tight lungs.

"I can't with her anger issues." 

--

[Ryker's Resting Domain]

Ryker changed into another outfit when he came back from the spring pool. Usually, he spends more time soaking inside the water, but today he only washed away the blood on his body and clothes.

No matter how much he loves blood on himself, he can't afford to get it on his treasure tower, so he got clean before coming here.

His robe material is open on his porcelain chest, and he just sat on his large throne-like chair, relaxing his mind and trying to  measure the extra abilities that comes with this second stage.

He tried mind travelling on his seat, and his mind's eye travelled beyond this city, extending it's sight to the human world.

Perfect.

His sense of smell is sharper, his teleporting ability got stronger too. He could feel his inner energy bubbling, and his eyesight grew clearer than before. Even his hearing ability broadened...

"Fruit Salad? Hmm! Looks delicious, who's it for?" 

"I'm making it for Lord Ryker. Not sure if he's going to eat it, but I'll make efforts at least...show him how sorry I am."

Those voices belongs to Granny and Shayla, and he's not even surprised.

But why always Shayla's voice? And she's really making fruits salad? 

It's been years since he ate, so he has even forgotten what food tastes like. It's as mundane as everything else about lowly humans.

Cheyenne and Sage entered the slumber, his eyes stayed on Sage only as he relaxed on his chair.

Cheyenne went on her knees quickly...

"It's always easy for you to get on your knees after going against me, and now seeing you on your knees angers me." Ryker spat.

"That would be the last time I'd be unreasonable. Also, I was only trying to shoo her away cos she looked like trouble. I'll stay off the matter from now on." Cheyenne apologized.

Ryker said nothing more, but he's surely counting her sins in his mind, awaiting the next time.

"Now that the second stage is attained, what's going to happen?" Sage asked.

"The news will spread to the West Palace, and Kasia's desire to get the FrostOrb will heighten." Ryker replied with high sureness.

"Then?" Cheyenne pressed forward.

Ryker smirked, "The rest will play out according to their poor tactics, we only have to wait. Also, they're not the only ones after the FrostOrb. There are several bloodlines who want the orb in this city and even in the human world. Get ready for more enemy attacks."

Sage and Cheyenne exchanged looks.

--

[Kings Residence, City]

Kade sat on a sofa at the hallway sat the right side of the rich mansion, and Liza stood in front of him.

Her back is on him, and her palms are folded at her sides. She has finished talking, and Kade is only trying to process what she just said.

"You covered her mark with a restriction spell, and you won't even tell me how the spell can be removed from her body?" He stood.

"I know you, Kade. If I tell you, you'll go ahead and do something stupid!" Liza faced him.

"What could I possibly do? I'm outside, and she's inside the East Palace, a palace that can't be entered without permit. How the hell would I even enter?" Kade retorted.

"The moment the mark appears on her body, Ryker would want to kill her, and you're the one person who wants her dead the most. Telling you how to remove the spell is like giving you the key to her death cos you'll find a way to tell Ryker!" Liza said.

"Oh...so it's about protecting her after all. How dare you even protect a girl you abandoned! The whole Luminaria only know me as your child cos you kept her birth a secret and I've been keeping it with you cos you're my mother anyways, but if you do not tell me how to remove the spell, I'll do something crazy." Kade threatened.

"You know better than to threaten me, Kade. You want me to lock you in the coffin again? You must have missed the smell of the sandalwood." Liza smiled, dusting imaginary dirt from his shirt.

"This time, I'll make sure you spend a year in the coffin before I wake you." She got serious, and Kade slapped her hand away from himself.

"You're the worse" he muttered, walking down the corridor.

"Where are you going!" Liza shouted.

"Ballet School! The dancers will be performing at the Feast, and I can't miss it. Gotta show everyone this handsome face!" He shouted back.

"You said you grew tired of dancing! You can't continue going to a school where Esme is the head teacher!" Liza ranted.

Kade turned back to face her, smiling with cruel intentions.

"Esme is your rival and the only woman you badly wanna win against, but I'll support her in this upcoming Feast. I'll make sure she wins the beauty crown again! That'll be your punishment for trying to protect your slave daughter!" 

He stepped away, and Liza bit the inside of her mouth.

"That scum of the earth." She mumbled, then a letter came flying with the air.

She took it and opened it. It's informing her about Ryker's 301 killings at Mount Zhitomir.

"301 people? Meaning he has attained the second stage. Now the struggle for his FrostOrb gets more intense. This year's Feast will be a whole level of different." She muttered.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School, Resting Haven]

The twins are sitting on the same bed, and they both look much better than they were before.

Their bleeding stopped immediately the rain stopped earlier, but they're still under the watchful eyes of professional alchemists.

Alchemists dominate this city instead of doctors. They're the drug manufactures, and they establish the magical pharmacies.

They were contacted to make elixirs and syrups for the twins.

"You should drink more of the medicine from that cup. Take the complete dose to avoid side effects." An alchemist said.

"You expect me to drink that bitter thing again? Are you trying to ruin my buds?" Sadie glared up.

"I was just being considerate of your health, Grand Princess." The alchemist apologized.

"Considerate of my health with a cup of medicine? Are you trying to say that's how weak we are?" Sadie stood.

"No! I didn't mean it that wa—"

Sadie already poured the cup of black medicine on his face before he could finish.

"I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to anger you!" The alchemist shoved his head down.

"Get out! All of you!" Soren ordered.

The alchemists exited the room, now it's just the twins inside.

Soren returned to his phone.

"Why have you been on your phone!" Sadie demanded.

"I'm texting the Old Chef. He needs to tell his daughter to come to this school. I need someone so kick." Soren replied.

Sadie sat beside him, placing an arm on his shoulder.

"Yunno the more I think about it, the more I get to know you're more wicked than me." 

"Thank you." Soren replied, and Sadie laughed.

"Peeps!!" Mercury screamed, rushing inside with unbalanced breaths.

"What the hell! Stop screaming like that!" Sadie spranged up.

"He came back to school! He's back!" Mercury announced.

"Who?" Soren stood too.

"Liza King's son!" Mercury said.

"Kade?" The twins chorused.

A minute later, they're already leaving the Haven.

When they arrived at the hallway, it's total chaos again.

Kade enjoys attention just like Soren, and the females spoil him with attention anytime he comes to school, just like now.

"Kade is back!!"

"OMG! I miss that face!"

"Kade King!!"

They're going bunkers for him, and he's grinning arrogantly as he entered, feeling like the owner of the world in his brown shades and studded outfit which costs a fortune.

Kade has a heavy crush on Sadie Millions, though Sadie is a cold-hearted devil who hates him more than anybody else. Sadie probably doesn't even have a heart.

"Words can't express how much I hate the guts of this animal. His crush on me is as disgusting as his face." She muttered.

"The fact that his mother is my mother's beauty rival, I boil ragingly whenever I see him." Mercury said.

"He's back to share the spotlight again, and he'll probably be the next one to die by my hands." Soren said hatefully.

"Share the spotlight? He has never had a chance. You remain the s3xiest guy in this school." Mercury replied, secretly checking Soren's face out.

Sadie saw that, but she kept quiet.

"Yo! I'm back." Kade removed his shades when he arrived at their faces.

"Back to die? I hear your mother locks you in a coffin anytime you make her angry. You might be entering the coffin for life if you don't learn how to stay away from me and my twin." Soren warned.

"You? I'm not interested in you. And yes, I was interested in Sadness, but not anymore. Her time is past." Kade laughed.

"What did you just call her? Sadness?" Mercury flew to him.

He almost attacked him, but Blaise joined the gathering.

"My redhead bud!" Kade grinned.

"You didn't tell me you'd be coming back!" Blaise smiled.

"It was meant to be a surprise, and it worked! I missed you!" Kade hund his arm on Blaise's shoulder, going away with him.

"Both losers, of course they'd be friends." Mercury scoffed.

"Good thing Kade is back. I'll just kill him and Blaise at once. Mercury, get me some of your dead father's ashes." Sadie said.

"What for?" Mercury blinked.

"Poisoning, what else?" Soren rolled eyes.

"Oh...of course." Mercury shrugged.

They're standing in front of the bulletin board, so they stepped aside when Esme arrived with some other ballet teachers.

Notice about the upcoming Feast was pasted, and everyone began checking it out. Names of the dancers that are gonna dance got picked out, and as expected, Mercury and the twins top the list.

"Wait...mother! Only one person will take the center this time? What kind of weird formation is that!" Mercury questioned.

Esme faced her.

"You and the twins have been occupying the center of the dance floor for years. We need a change this year. Only one person will occupy the center and stand under the spotlight. That one person will be chosen after several practices." Esme sternly said.

"And what's this second poster about? You're gonna be taking in new dancers through auditions starting from next week?" Sadie came forward with a smirk.

"Yeah. People already know the talents of everyone in this school. We need new talents and new faces. This year's Feast won't be the usuals, and Grand Supreme has ordered the best ballet dance performance so I can't disappoint." Esme replied flatly and left with the other teachers.

"Your mother is growing annoying...these days." Soren muttered.

"Yunno what? Sadie... I'll slow down my dance during the practice so you can be picked to be at the center. Trust me." Mercury said.

"Don't follow me, I'm mad at you and your mother right now." Sadie rolled eyes and left.

"Soren!" Mercury held his shirt.

"You can't be mad at me too! My mother made the announcement, not me!" She said.

But the disregard in Soren's eyes made her quickly let go of his shirt.

Soren left, and she stumped her foot on the ground.

"I hate when they're both angry!" 

"Hey, is Grand Prince Soren with you?" A calm voice made her turn.

She was creeped out to see it's Xena, looking as homeless as ever in her faded clothes.

"Eew! How did you even get into this school environment?" She poured saliva on Xena's face.

"Grand Prince Soren ordered me to come. Said he wants to kick me." Xena said, not bothering to wipe the saliva.

"Soren texted you to come? Or you came just to see his face? Wait...do you like him by chance?" Mercury drew closer.

"That's impossible, I'm here following his orders." Xena replied.

"Then go back! Leave this school right now! Soren wouldn't wanna see dirt like you!" Mercury pointed at the door.

"But he's going to punish me if I don't show myself to him." Xena said.

"I said go!" Mercury pushed her.

Xena staggered to the wall, and her eyes caught the posters briefly before she left the school.

"Ugly thing. Wanna see Soren? Sounds like a curse." Mercury rumbled as she left too.

--

[School Coffee Bay]

Blaise and Kane dropped the cups of warm coffee from their lips at the same time, their faces clashing.

"So...how has school been without me?" Kade sighed.

"Boring. But the girls missed you. You're their food." Blaise winked, sweeping his red hair back with his palm.

"I heard the gist about how you blinded Sadie's one eye and was almost killed by thunder but Ryker repelled the thunders for you? Do you now see why I say I love that man? I wanna be like him. He even killed 301 today, I'm in love with his brutality!" Kade laughed.

"301? Where?" Blaise gasped.

"You know nothing, do you?" Kade scoffed, getting his phone and clicking the news at lumi web to show him.

"At Mount Zhitomir? Geez! I'm gonna puke!" Blaise quickly dropped the phone.

Kade laughed.

"But I'm slightly scared. He saved me, and he'd want something in return. What if he asks for something I can't give?" Blaise said.

"Chill, I'm here for you, bud." Kade nodded at him.

"But why do you adore him so much?" Blaise asked.

"Cos I need him to kill someone for me." Kade replied seriously.

"You only just returned to school today, and you're already killing someone?" Faye said, settling down with them.

Immediately she sat, Blaise stood.

"I'll be at the gymnasium."

"Bud! Are you still crazy about this step siblings hate? Be mature, you small fry!" Kade shouted after him.

"He's never gonna change. I knew it was over the moment he gave his dog my name" Faye said.

"Oh that's fucked up." Kade laughed. "How have you been coping with him without me?"

"Coping? I'm not trying to cope, I'm just gonna live as if he doesn't exist." Faye shrugged.

"Great!" Kade smiled.

"Your name is on the list of dancers for the feast. How did you do it? You only just returned today" Faye blinked.

"I'm Liza King's son, of course I can." Kade laughed.

"So arrogant." Faye snickered, taking his cup to drink from.

--

[West Palace]

"Second stage attained, now we have to move faster. I don't even care about the last stage. It might take another century before he gets to that stage, so I'm gonna make my move now. On the night of the feast, we strike the East Palace." Kasia said.

She's in the lobby with Winona and Astor.

"This is too dangerous. Our generations will be wiped the moment Ryker finds out about this plan." Astor said worriedly.

"I hate when you talk like a weak individual! We're not weak, we just lose our powers every midnight and the feast won't last till midnight so we're safe! Don't muddle this plan!" Kasia said insistently.

"What do we do?" Winona asked. "I'm always with you all the way. We own this city, and any procedure to take it back, I'm all ready." 

"Keep entering Jude till he lets his guard down. I and Astor will find a way to get close to Granny Jojo." Kasia said.

"How? She barely leaves the East Palace." Winona said.

"But she's an ambassador of loco, her favorite shoe brand. They're hosting an ambassadorial conference tomorrow, and she'd be there. We'll start from there." Kasia clarified.

--

[East Palace, Slaves Kitchen]

Xena had to borrow her father's phone, and though the phone is already malfunctioning cos it's slightly broken on the screen, she still managed to use it.

She can't miss this opportunity.

She saw the audition website name on the school poster, and she has to make a move before the spots gets filled.

She typed the ballet website name on the phone, waiting for it to load for minutes.

When she was finally able to enter the website, she was overjoyed.

She applied for auditions for her and Shayla, but she used different secret names though. If she uses their names, they'd be caught.

When she got to the pictures column, she just downloaded random pictures from the human web and inserted them on the columns.

She clicked submit on the two documents, and she folded her palm on the phone.

"Yes!"

She's gonna tell Shayla about it tonight.

"Xena, you didn't take dinner to the basement yet." Old Chef said from outside.

"I'm coming!" She rushed out of the kitchen.

--

[Soul Hall, 7PM]

Azura and Zeke are walking the corridor behind the hall, and their mouths are running as they discussed the same thing...

Ryker.

"He slaughtered that much people because a slave got bullied?" Azura said, eyes malicious.

"Did he actually got seduced by a female who's not his partner?" 

"Not possible, do you know how many naked females he checks out whenever he does his checks at the Groove? He's not that easy, and you know it." Zeke replied.

"Then what do we call this? I started this suspicion the moment he saved her from the beast forest and injured Lilith." Azura said.

"I'm calling a family meeting tonight, it's been a while since I heard him talk. Let's hear what he has to say. He has lots of charges to answer to." Zeke said, pushing the Soul hall door open.

Lilith is already standing beside her bed. She's fully awake.

"Welcome back, messenger of death." Zeke smiled.

"Nice timing, dwarf." Azura said.

--

[Granny's Chamber]

Jojo sat in front of the mirror again, trying to speak to her shadow.

And it's working. Her eyes are widely open, and she's smiling as her shadow self stated back at her as a reflection.

Finally after several trials, she got this ability back.

"Been a while, shadow self." She waved shortly.

"You didn't die?" The shadow asked from the mirror.

"If I died, you'd be dead too... dunce." Jojo laughed. "I need new techniques, and you better teach me everything you know."

Shayla came out of the inner chamber, wearing another one of Jojo's youth skirts.

This one is long free yard which covered all her legs except her flat shoes. It's color black but with white stripes at the base.

Her button blouse is slightly cropped, so her extra slim waist is showing.

She's carrying the small cooler of fruits salad which she had made in the morning. 

She went to the the tower to deliver it, but she knocked several times and it wasn't open, so she brought it back here and kept it in the freezer to maintain the coldness.

Now she's just gonna give it to Xena to eat so it won't turn sour before tomorrow morning.

Since Jojo is busy in front of the mirror, she left the chamber without saying goodbye.

She's gonna be meeting Xena at the bleakly-lit corridor. Same corridor where she mimicked Ryker.

Xena has promised to teach her more of the language.

On getting there, Xena isn't there yet, so she set the cooler of fruits salad on the open windowsill, sighing.

"I knew it, she's always the late one." 

She sat on the windowsill too, holding the cooler to her side.

"Shayla?" Jude appeared in the corridor, and she quickly stood.

"Grand Prince...

She tried to bow, but just like the other time, he stopped her.

"Don't bow for me, it's irksome." 

"But I can be punished if the Grand Supreme or the twins sees me talking casually to you." She replied carefully.

"None of them are here, so talk as casually as you want." Jude insisted.

"I can't do that, ...sir." Her face went down.

"Why? Do I look untouchable?" Jude came closer, and she shifted back.

"I want to live long, and I don't want complications." She said.

"You're doing that running away thing again. I was starting to think you're you allergic touches, but I saw you placing your hand on Ryker's palm when you teleported with him, so the problem must be me. Do you hate me?" Jude questioned, eyes looking hurtful and needy again.

"No... Why would I hate you? You healed me, and I'm still grateful for that." Shayla muttered.

"Then why can't I touch you?" Jude went closer again.

Again, Shayla shifted back, but he grabbed her two arms, shoving her closer to himself.

The fruits salad cooler nearly fell from her, but she held tight, trying to break free from his hold.

"Can you... please let...go?"

"I don't want to." He replied, and she hastily looked up at him. 

The moment their eyes met, his eyes squinted suddenly like he's in pains, and he let go of her arms with difficulty.

"Grand Prince?" She blinked.

He squinted his eyes deeper, grabbing his head tight.

"Grand Prince?" She repeated, and he stepped back, groaning.

"It's headache, I think." He sniffled, water forcefully crawling out of his eye corners.

"Headache? Out of the blues?" Shayla said, not understanding.

"Fûck it!" Jude groaned again, his head banging in a loop.

He staggered out of that corridor, leaving Shayla all alone.

"That was... strange." She muttered, adjusting the cooler stes holding.

She made to place it back on the windowsill, but then she saw him, standing there on the same spot he stood that night...

Ryker.

The bleak lights didn't do justice to his face, but it's unmistakable.

"Moy Vladika?" She blinked.

"Does that sound better in your ears?" He deeply talked, coming closer with cold steps.

"If you don't like it, I'll go back to calling you My Lord." She replied when he got to her.

His eyes dropped on the cooler she's holding, and she noticed it.

"Oh...um...I came to your tower with it, but no one opened the door. It's still fresh though." She said, opening the cooler to reveal the fruity meal. 

It smells temptingly good too, and there's a really small fork with just two tines.

"Is that your idea of an adult fork?" He said, glancing boringly at the fork.

"I can get you a bigger fork." she quickly said, but he already took the fork before she could move.

He stabbed the fruit salad with it, taking from it, and without waiting, he brought it to his mouth.

Shayla gasped inwardly in shock. 'He's eating it!'

TBC
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️ HEART OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 21&22

COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW OR DON'T WAIT FOR NEXT CHAPTER THOUGH.

REPLY ALL MY COMMENTS, DROP YOURS PERSONALLY, CLICK THE LIKE BUTTON AND SHARE MASSIVELY.

#Unedited 

★

Ryker chewed slowly as if savoring the taste, trying to let his gums feel every succulence and trying to let the buds feel every taste.

Shayla couldn't blink as she awaited what he has to say, but he didn't say anything before taking another forkful to his mouth, chewing just as slowly as he chewed the first one.

"How's it, Moy Vladika?" She asked when she couldn't wait for the review any longer.

He ate the third forkful without replying her, and she smiled. Maybe that's enough to answer her.

He ate three full forks from her meal? She'd relive this moment over and over in her head.

But it didn't end in three forkfuls. He ate more, and she lost count of it. All she could do is hold the cooler and watch him eat as perfectly as every of his moves.

Is he supposed to eat this perfectly too? And oh...

It's the first time she'd actually be seeing him up close without blood on his face, so it's different in a weird kind of way.

He dropped the fork when he ate half of the meal, and she felt satisfied. At least he ate.

The teacher at the culinary school said if half of your food gets eaten, then it's a proof that you're more than a average chef.

She covered the remaining food, then dropped the cooler on the windowsill.

"I'll get you some water" she suggested, but by the time she looked back at him, he was already gone.

"That fast? I mean...he needs water to wash it down," She mumbled. "Maybe he's gonna drink when he gets to his tower."

She shrugged and opened the cooler again, then she digged into the fruits, eating with the same fork he used.

"Of course he'd eat half, It's so delicious." She smiled, licking salad cream from the fork.

"What are you eating without me!" Xena finally came.

"After three long years?" Shayla exaggerated.

"Oh please...i was only late for ren minutes." Xena rolled eyes, snatching the cooler from her.

She began eating fast, filling her mouth with the fruits.

"Hmm! This is sweet. You made it yourself?" She said as she filled her mouth for the second time.

"Of course. Should you even be surprised? I learnt cooking." Shayla shrugged.

"It wasn't even up to 24 hours learning. You went at night and came back the next morning, and you learnt these dishes? I'm seriously scared of your brain." Xena sighed.

"I'm just gifted" Shayla shrugged again.

"But what if your Luminarian parent ability suppressed your human parent? What if your retentive memory is your own power?" Xena suddenly said.

"Impossible." Shayla said immediately.

"Why? If Lilith can be a rare breed, then you can be one too." Xena insisted.

"I'm not that lucky, Xena. I'm always the unlucky one." Shayla said.

"Fine, we won't talk about your family anymore. Do you even know how far a banshee's power can go?" Xena asked.

By now, she has finished the salad, so she dropped the cooler.

"I only know their screams are dangerous and can kill. Isn't that why she was able to fall trees with them? Also, they can foresee deaths and they wail whenever someone's death is drawing near." Shayla explained.

"Good. But there's only such power limits in the human world. Here in Luminaria, banshees can't only foresee deaths and scream dangerously, they can also mark people for death, and that's why they're treasured here. Once she marks you, you die mysteriously." Xena further explained.

"Does that mean Lilith is like a walking death waiting to kill right now?" Shayla said, sudden fear gripping her.

"But we'll just be careful, let's stay away from her when she wakes." Xena said.

Shayla nodded, wrapping her arms around Xena. She still can't shake away her fear.

"You're so warm" Xena smiled.

"What about you? What's your power? Back then when I was hurt, you said your powers can't heal, so you have powers definitely." Shayla asked.

Xena looked at her, smiled before looking around. She nodded when she saw a small lizard on the wall close to the ceiling.

"Come here, friend." She said gently.

The lizard crawled down the wall, then it crawled up Xena's clothes till it came to stay at the back of her palm.

"You can speak to animals?" Shayla gasped, and Xena nodded.

"That's so cool!" Shayla clapped twice, and Xena chuckled.

"Not a big deal, i bet there's gonna be a family meeting tonight, so we better stay here till 10. Their family meetings are always chaotic. Last meeting, Sadie threw a cleaning maid outta the castle window." Xena said.

"Is she always angry?" Shayla blinked.

"She's even angry when she's asleep. Somehow, I feel like Soren is still better. At least he cools down once a year." Xena said, and Shayla laughed.

"Once a year?"

"Well I have a news, and don't scream. Don't scold me. Don't do anything. Just listen." Xena cleared her throat.

"Yes?" Shayla said expectantly.

"I applied for the two of us. The ballet school will be taking in new dancers and I happened to see it. So I applied. Final audition happens next week, but first and second audition happens this week. In fact, it's starting tomorrow."

"What!! Xena! You're lying." Shayla held the pillar, stepping away.

"I'm real. I've been watching them practice for years and there's no move I dunno. Also, you only watched once and you already know that much, so we're qualified. We only have to wear masks and look untouchable whenever we're going. I have permit to leave the palace, and you can just ask Granny to help you with a permit too. C'mon, you said you wanted to be a ballerina too. Are you giving up already?" Xena persuaded.

"You could have told me before applying for me. What if Lord Ryker gets angry? What if Granny doesn't like it?" Shayla said worriedly.

"I'll take all the blames if any of them have a problem with it. Trust me and just prepare." Xena assured.

--

[Heartless Tower]

Ryker stood beside a tall treasure chest in his Domain, eyes staring into space but lips still fresh with the taste and sensations of the fruits.

His arms are folded behind him, and he had listened to her conversation with Xena.

Not like he wanted to listen, but his ears just wouldn't stop bringing her voice. And he actually ate the fruits salad? Surprisingly, he only got back on his usual high horse after he ate half of the fruits.

And that's because even as he stood beside her without touches, he was still feeling heat.

It might not be as much as when touches are involved, but at least it was still warm, and it was soothing.

Whoever she is is not an issue to be left flat anymore. It's hightime he digs, and that's gonna start tomorrow.

He needs to travel.

"Sage" he coolly called, and sage rushed into the Domain.

"My Lord!"

"Contact Eternus in the clouds castle, and tell him I'll be coming for a visit tomorrow. Not a quick one, I might take days before leaving his residence." 

"Sudden travel? Why?" Sage asked respectfully.

"I have questions, and I need full pages of answers." Ryker replied stiffly.

"Understood. I'll make the call." Sage said and left,but Cheyenne entered almost immediately.

"Family meeting, you're required to be at the main castle." She reported.

"Lead the way" Ryker said as if he has been expecting this.

Cheyenne obeyed, and he followed.

--

[Soul Hall]

"I was seriously ready for death, didn't expect to be alive at all." Lilith said, sounding stronger than before.

She's sitting back in bed, and there's a small bowl of medicine which she's drinking from.

"And I was saved by Grand Supreme and Madam Azura?" She looked up at the two.

"I still don't understand."

"You know what you are, Lilith. And you know how much power you carry. We need you, and you can be useful in many ways." Azura smiled.

"But I'm a halfbreed, aren't I supposed to be a slave?" Lilith dropped the medicine plate.

"You'll stop being a slave from now on. Your sufferings is ending as we speak. We can adopt you to be a part of the Millions Family if you want, and you'll become a proper member of this East Palace." Zeke said.

"A member of the family?" Lilith got up with a gasp and dreamy eyes.

"Yes. You work for us, we cater for you. Quid pro quo." Azura assured.

"Agreed, I'll because a part of the family and work for you, but I also have a request." Lilith said.

"And it's?" Zeke asked.

"I'm aware that Lord Ryker can't get attached to anyone that's not his partner, and I know I can't ever and will never be the partner, but can I at least be his second wife? I'll occupy the space till his partner arrives. He doesn't have to like me, I just want the title of his wife." Lilith said.

The couple exchanged glances, and Lilith's head went angled.

"What? You both promised you'd do anything."

"It's done. We'll plan the wedding as soon as possible, but he assured that you're the only one who's gonna attend the wedding." Zeke said.

"I know that, I just want his real last name Morozov." Lilith smiled.

"And you'll get that." Azura smiled.

Zeke received a text, and he pulled his phone out of his pocket, then he went outside to read.

--

[Main Castle]

Family meetings happen at the royal dinning table, and every member is on seat already, including Ryker who looks like he's the maker of everyone of them with his poker egocentric face.

Jude is present too, and his headache is much better now, though it's still lingering.

Granny Jojo is sitting not far from Ryker, and she looks calm but stern, her hat sitting in the middle of her grey hair.

The twins and the parents are at the left side of the dinning table, and they're all glaring at the right side.

Everyone is eating except granny and Ryker who're only here to listen to the next gibberish.

"301 citizens are gone, and it's only because twelve of them bullied your 150 billion slaves?" Zeke said, cutting his steak while raising an eyebrow at Ryker.

"I killed them cos I wanted to, bit it's true that their bullying was the needed excuse. And I'm not done killing. There are still two members of their generations in the human world, and I plan to hunt them down and kill them too to complete the number...303." Ryker replied.

"Gutsy, and it's annoying." Soren muttered.

"You shouldn't be talking here right now, considering the fact that you and your twin only joined the ballet school because you both are too dull to learn how to read and write. Family meetings shouldn't include dullards." Ryker flatly replied.

Sadie stood, picked a glass of water and poured it at his face, but the water froze before it could even get to his face. The ice cubes landed on the table.

"Shut up!! You aren't even a part of this family you bastard! If there's anyone who shouldn't even be here in this meeting at all, it's you!" Sadie pounded her palms on the table angrily.

"Seems like I hit home." Ryker muttered. "Sit down, Sadie."

"You fuckin—"

"Down." Ryker interrupted her, and her butt landed on the chair.

Soren and Jude gasped.

Even Azura and Zeke.

"Sadie actually...sat?" Granny Jojo said shockingly.

"Different new abilities comes with this stage 2. So far you absorb from my FrostOrb power, you're bound to obey whatever I say." Ryker said.

Sadie stood, staring at Ryker with wide eyes before running upstairs.

Soren was looking at Ryker in awe as he went after Soren, leaving give people at the table.

"Seems this meeting has been pointless from the beginning, I'll take my leave now." Ryker said and stood, walking out with Cheyenne who's by the door.

"I hope things like this will keep happening. Someone really needs to put everyone in their place, don't you think?" Granny Jojo stood, smiling as she took her leave too.

Jude remained there, thinking...

Does this mean his headache earlier was because of Ryker?

Did Ryker give him that?

Why??

He has always treated Ryker like a true brother, so why??

He stood and left the dinning too.

"I was wondering why he came to the meeting without rejecting, so this is his plan?" Azura stood.

"You said this stage would mean nothing to us, but he's already commanding my babies?"

Zeke just sat there, looking too shocked.

"Zeke!!" Azura yelled.

--

"This stage 2 comes with command-obey ability? Then you could have used it on Zeke earlier. He'd have told you where he kept Xena's lifeline." Cheyenne said as she made her way back to the Heartless Tower with Ryker.

"It doesn't work that way, Cheyenne." He faced her.

"Why?" She asked.

"Azura and Zeke don't only draw powers from my orb, but they also suck souls, and that's enough to strengthen their minds." Ryker explained.

"Oh...I get it." Cheyenne nodded. "Of course the ability won't work on them. They're smart after all."

"Ryker" Granny Jojo joined them, and Cheyenne stepped back.

"You look like you want to tell me something." Jojo said suspiciously.

"I'll be on a trip to the Cloud Castle tomorrow. Not sure when I'll be coming back." Ryker replied.

"Then I'll hope for your quick comeback." Jojo smiled.

Behind them, Cheyenne smiled too, knowing an opportunity just presented itself.

--

[Twins Room]

Sadie has thrown everything she could see across the room, and they're all broken.

Soren isn't even ready to start calming her down cos he's still in shock too.

"That bastard has control over us now? Why!!" Sadie yelled, looking madly deranged.

"Don't overstress, it's a condition that can be mended with just one talk with mother and father." Soren said from the door where he leaned casually. Even the dinner aftertaste is sour in his mouth.

"I don't care if there's a solution to it, but the fact that he made me sit in front of Granny and Jude? I don't wanna think about it!" Sadie threw another antique across the room, nearly breaking Soren's head with it.

"I'll go have a talk with mother and father. Try to calm down before I return." He said, going out of the room and descending the staircase.

Thinking the parents would still be at the dinning room, he went there, but they're not there anymore.

Instead, he met Xena who's packing the dinner plates for washing.

Her head quickly went down, but he just ignored her since kicking her is not even appealing to him right now.

He was already leaving when he suddenly stopped, turning around.

Xena froze, the tray she's holding shook in her hands, and the used plates on it clattered.

"I ordered you to come to the school earlier." He questioned.

"I came, I swear on my life. I did! But Mercury told me to go back. She said you wouldn't want to see me!" Xena quickly said.

"Mercury?" Soren frowned.

"Yes! I met her at the hallway!" Xena swallowed.

Soren rolled eyes, the intensity showing how annoyed he is, then he went back upstairs.

Xena dropped the tray, sitting on the ground and holding her chest.

"Damn! I wasn't breathing!"

--

[Next Morning, West Palace]

Everyone is preparing to go to one place or the other, so everyone is dressing up for their appointments.

Astor and Kasia are preparing to go meet Granny Jojo at the conference.

Winona is preparing to meet Jude and try to sweettalk him.

Faye and Blaise are preparing for school, and Kade is preparing with them cos he came home with them last night. He spent the night here.

He came out of Blaise's room with him, and at the same time Faye came out of her own room.

The rooms are right beside each other actually.

They all look gothic in their black outfits which attached to even their earrings and necklaces.

Blaise gave Faye the usual look of disapproval, then he made to leave, but Kade pulled him back.

"Come back here, bud. The practice for the Feast starts today, and auditions starts today too. You both should at least mark today as the first day you'll get along. I can't stand opposing siblings." He said.

"We're not siblings." Faye and Blaise chorused, their hate shimmering.

"Faye! Let's go!" Blaise hollered, and his dog sauntered out of the room, following him downstairs.

"Scum..." Faye muttered, masking her hurtfulness.

"We can be besties instead. Let's leave Blaise the redhead to his antics." Kade said, placing an arm over her shoulder.

"Aren't you just the same as him?" Faye rolled eyes, pushing his arm away.

"At least I don't hate you," he chuckled, and she scoffed, going downstairs too.

Kade followed them with a run.

"Faye, Blaise...is it possible for you both to try to get along with the twins?" Kasia asked when they got downstairs.

"Don't even think about it" Blaise glared, drinking from a cup of milk and taking from the toasted bread before leaving.

Kade did the same, then he took a bite from the bread...

"Getting closer to a cluster of nails us better than the twins. Sadie on her own deserves to be in what humans call psychiatric hospital." He said, then waved before going after Blaise.

"He's interesting" Astor grinned on his seat.

"You guys still aren't over your obsession about taking the city from the Millions?" Faye shook her head.

"Just know that I don't wanna die. Whatever you're gonna do, have me excluded." She added.

She didn't bother to take from the breakfast, but Winona took some and dropped it in her backpack.

"Eat them in school." She smiled.

"Thank you. You're the only reason I'm still in this house." Faye smiled back, giving her a peck before leaving.

"Isn't it weird that your daughter loves my daughter but not me?" Kasia faces Astor.

"Double standards?" Astor smiled.

"Are y'all done dressing up? The conference is starting soon." Winona alerted.

"More than ready." Astor stood, smoothening his suit.

Kasia readjusted her shoes by slamming them on the polished ground, then they left the house together.

Winona was the last to leave.

--

[East Palace, Park]

The twins threw their backpacks into the car, both looking sullen.

They didn't eat breakfast, and their parents already assured that there'll be solution to the problem on ground before they return from school, but they're both still unable to think.

Sadie hopped in the car, looking more hateful than usual.

Soren nearly followed her, but his phone buzzed. 

It's a text from Mercury.

Mercury: I'm already in school, and I brought my father's ashes like Sadie requested. Kade is surely dying.

Soren showed the text to Sadie before getting in the car with her.

"Why would she text you and not me? I'm the one who told her to bring it. That snake." Sadie muttered with irritation.

"Ask her when you get to school." Soren said as the car rolled out of the palace.

Some minutes after they left, Granny Jojo arrived at the park with some maids, and she's dressed for the conference.

She left in her car too, easily slipping out of the palace with her driver.

Shayla emerged from the chamber, dressed in a different outfit.

This one is a black gown which covered her whole body cos it's long sleeved and free, and her hair is thoroughly washed. She used some of Jojo's shine cream on it, so it looks better than the normal greasy state.

She asked Jojo for a permit last night, and Jojo gave it to her without even arguing or asking what she needs it for, and she's still thinking why.

The permit only allows her to leave the palace for two hours though, so she has just two hours to spend at the ballet school.

According to granny, Ryker travelled, and he left with only Sage, so she has to be careful to not cross paths with hot tempered Cheyenne or Lilith the banshee.

Immediately she thought that, she sighted Lilith not far from the main castle, and she quickly hid behind a pillar.

Thanks to the pillar again.

Her heart was skipping beats as she stayed there, counting the minutes to calculate just how much longer she has to hide.

She came out at two minutes, and she ran the remaining meter to the slaves kitchen where she met Xena looking like she's in a dilemma.

She's dressed too, but there's a tray of food in front of her. Also, there's a tray of capsules.

"Aren't we going anymore?" Shayla asked.

"We're going, but my father is slightly sick, and I need to give him his medications before leaving. At the same time, I need to take food to the basement." Xena explained.

"Basement?" Shayla said in confusion.

"Yunno what? Take the food. Take the side door beside the castle second staircase. Go up the staircase or use the lift. Open the door you see and go down the basement. Just drop this tray of food there, don't open the basement door. I'd have finished administering the medications when you come back, then we can go." Xena explained in a hurry, then she took the capsule tray and left the kitchen in a hurry.

Shayla took the food tray too. If that's all she's able to help with, then why not, but who the hell lives in a basement?

She went into the castle using the second staircase like Xena described. She didn't use the lift, she climbed by herself till she arrived and opened the door that leads to the basement.

She went down the short flight of stairs and blinked when she saw the door she met.

The place is silent except for the Granny sounds of breathings that's coming from inside that room.

Shayla squatted, dropping the tray below the door as instructed.

A rough blistered hand stretched out from under the door, dragging the tray inside the room.

"Ahh!!" Shayla shuddered, falling back on her butt and shifting away from the door with wide eyes.

"What...what was...that?"

She stood as fast as she fell, and she was already going upstairs when she suddenly stopped, looking back again.

Who was that?

The question hung in her chest as she left the staircase and went back to the door, placing her ear on the wood to listen to the sound of breathings.

Her weight was resting too much on the door, and she nearly screamed when the door opened and she fell inside the darkness.

She threw her palm against her mouth, muffling her own sounds.

The lights in the room came on, bright and white.

A young girl sat in the corner of the room, looking like the most miserable person existing.

A white cloth is tied over her eyes, and despite that fact, her misery and sufferings weren't covered.

She's definitely blind, but why is she here? In this dark cold room that smells like hell?

The food tray is with her, and she's currently drinking from the water.

Shayla stood quickly, going for the door and deciding to leave her mind questions unanswered.

"Thanks for making me feel warmth for the first time in years. Your presence is soothingly warm." The voice of the girl came, and that was enough to stop Shayla.

She turned back, not hiding her fear since she still doesn't understand.

"Who're...you?" She asked breathlessly, sweating.

"Pearl." The girl said.

"Pearl?" Shayla whispered.

"Pearl Millions, I'm the last child of the Millions family, but I was born blind, so I'm a sign of weakness. I've been locked up since birth." 

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 23&24

THE REQUIREMENTS WENT HIGHER. WE'RE IN CHAPTER 24, SO WHY NOT?

COMPLETE IT BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW IF YOU REALLY WANT THIS BOOK TO CONTINUE.

CHECK IT SO YOU'LL KNOW HOW TO REPLY ALL MY COMMENTS, DROP YOUR PERSONAL COMMENTS, LIKE AND SHARE.

I MADE THIS CHAPTER LONG, SO THERE'S A LOT TO TALK ABOUT, THE BOOK IS JUST STARTING FROM HERE.

COMMENT SOMETHING LONG AND SWEET TO GEAR MY SPIRIT, OR YOU'LL SERIOUSLY GET BANNED.

★

The Millions Family are heartless folks. Even if some are better than the rest, their heartless side is never completely buried.

Shayla has spent her few weeks here learning that, but she never expected it to stretch to this level.

As she stood glued by the door of the basement, staring at the blind helpless girl in the corner of the room, her heart broke for her. 

If she's an Eternal like the rest of the family, she must have been trapped in this dusty, rusty, cold room for hundreds of years.

The hell?

"But... there's the FrostOrb. They could have used it to open your eyes. I heard the orb can do anything." She spoke up softly, making sure to keep it in a low hush.

Pearl dropped the bottle of water she's holding, then she opened the plate of food and took from the pie.

It's pie and custard? That's what they serve maids, servants and slaves here.

So they consider Pearl a servant?

Shayla couldn't even talk, she just watched with pity as the pretty girl took a large bite from her pie.

With the way she's smoothly taking the pie and the water from the tray, it's hard to detect her blindness.

"Yeah...the legendary FrostOrb can do anything, but not my eyes. My blindness is a curse I inherited from my mother's womb, so it'll only leave when the curse lifts on it's own." She explained.

"I don't understand." Shayla's face lined in a hard squeeze.

"I was supposed to be triplets with the twins, but they both came out before me. They escaped mother's womb on the same day, and I stayed in the womb for one extra year before mother was able to birth me. That extra year I spent is my curse." Pearl explained.

"I'm so sorry..." Shayla crouched, her pity for this female increasing.

"It's nothing." Pearl took another bite from her pie, smiling. "At least you came, and I got to feel warmth for the first time in years."

"People often say I'm warm." Shayla smiled a little.

"Of course you are...I guess you're special. What's your name?" Pearl asked, smiling too.

"Shayla, a slave." Shayla introduced.

"Oh... Who was my food deliver before? She has never entered." Pearl asked, drinking water again.

"Xena. She's my friend, the Old Chef's daughter, and Lord Ryker's sister." Shayla cleared.

"Lord Ryker...How handsome is he?" Pearl asked, and Shayla blinked. 

She didn't expect that one.

"I might have been trapped here all my life, but the cleaner maids pass by the top of this basement, and I hear their whisperings. He was forced to be a part of this family with his sister's lifeline, but despite that...he's the most feared demigod here, also the most goodlooking." Pearl smiled, her admiration so obvious.

"Yes... right." Shayla stood, sounding awkward.

"Have you seen him up close before? What's the most beautiful part of his body?" Pearl asked another weird question.

Shayla frowned, snapping out of it and remembering she's not even supposed to be inside this basement in the first place.

Xena specifically told her not to enter. What was she thinking?

"I need to go now." She stepped back, her shoes marching the broken concretes on the floor.

"You came here and gave me warmth, but now that I ask a simple question, you're running away? You really don't know what your answer would do for me..." Pearl maintained the smile.

'Isn't she smiling too much?' Shayla thought. It's odd for someone who has been suffering since birth.

But then, that soft side of her refused to heed to that suspicion, so she said what's on her mind.

"His hands... Fingers." 

"Hands?" Pearl repeated.

"Lord Ryker's fingers are the most beautiful part of his body. His hands as a whole, they're attractively perfect, and his skin..." Shayla rushed, opening the door to get out...

"An advise for you, Shayla." Pearl said suddenly, and Shayla turned. 

Pearl is still smiling.

"Never trust any member of the Millions Family. Never." She said. 

Shayla didn't miss the foreboding undertone of that statement.

"Shay!" Xena's voice rang from the basement top, and with thrumming chest, she left the room and slammed the door shut.

A minute after she was gone, Pearl dropped the bottled water back in the tray, her hand folding for a moment before she slid it behind her head to untangle the rope of her eye cover.

She took the cover away from her eyes, and an obsessive smile appeared on her lips.

Shayla might have closed the door when she was leaving, but right now, the door is open again.

--

"What took you so long? I was getting worried!" Xena held Shayla when she climbed up the staircase.

"The place looked stuffy and strange, so I was awed." Shayla lied.

She regretted it, but what would Xena think if she tells her she actually entered the room?

"Tell me, you didn't enter the room, right?" Xena asked, and Shayla gave her lip a bite on the inside.

"Why did I even ask that?" Xena grinned suddenly. "Of course you can't enter. That door has been sealed by Azura for years, and no one can remove the seal except her. I dunno who's inside, but it's a big secret they're keeping with their lives." 

"You don't know who's inside?" Shayla gulped.

They're already walking down the side stairs which leads outside.

"How would i know when I've never entered the room? But I know someone is inside." Xena shrugged.

And that only heightened Shayla's fear. Does that mean she opened the door? How?

If Azura sealed it for years, then how was she able to open it?

She was still on the wheel of thoughts when she was hauled to a solid pillar by strong, unyielding hands.

A gasp tore out of her throat, and that was enough to snap her out of her thoughts as her eyes clashed with Cheyenne's.

"Cheyenne?" She muttered.

"Don't call my name with your unworthy mouth, you slût!" Cheyenne spat, raising her hand. 

Her eyes are glaring evidences that she has not even the slightest likeness for Shayla. The hate is bloody.

"Cheyenne!" Xena shouted behind, but it's like a dog's bark to her. She wouldn't care.

She brought her hand down to Shayla's face, and Shayla closed her eyes quickly, expecting the nails.

But they never came. 

Cheyenne's nails stopped a little before it'd get to her face, and her eyes are slightly wide.

She has touched Shayla once when she tore her with the nails at Granny's corridor, but maybe her anger back then didn't make her feel what she's feeling right now—her warmness.

She could feel it as she held her arm, and that made her stop. 

Slowly, she let go.

Xena quickly pulled Shayla to herself.

"If you had dared to hurt her again, I'd have begged my brother to bash you to the dust even if it means kneeling in front of his tower for months. He might be a Millions by force, but he's a Morozov by birth, and you're nothing but his knight who has no last name." She said angrily.

Cheyenne stayed still, her awed eyes still on Shayla.

"You can hurt me all you want, but stop calling me a slût at any chance you get. I'm not lusting after Lord Ryker, I wouldn't dare. I'm just a lowly slave who was given a chance." Shayla said, then she left with Xena.

Cheyenne stood there, confused and shocked as her eyes drooped.

"She's definitely not the partner. If it's her, Lord Ryker would have told I and Sage, so who's she? Why this rare warmness?" She muttered.

Answers didn't appear, so she sighed, calming down.

--

[Clouds Castle]

It's a golden building which sat somewhere in the deepest clouds of Luminaria, and there's no rival to it's beauty. It stood there alone, and it shone alone, day and night.

The gold is rimmed with white at some few points, but not enough to dim the golden rays which reached the roof and floors and even the olive branches surrounding it.

There are fog fountains around, and they're pouring pureness into the heavenly harem

Eternus is a seer, the oldest and wisest in Luminaria. He sees into the future and peers into the past with one quick glance. 

He's got long white hair and calm, pure presence. Always in a flowing white robe and a peaceful smile.

He stays alone in the castle, and that's why he came to open the entrance door by himself when Ryker arrived with Sage.

"Look who finally paid a visit after about 100 years." He said, his smile not breaking. His white hair fell in two long gentle curls on his shoulders.

"105 years." Ryker corrected, stepping inside the castle. His black robe is a contract to Eternus' white one.

The door seemed to embrace him as it closed behind him and Sage.

"Saying the wrong number was on purpose. I know you have an obsession with exact numbers. You didn't change." Eternus replied, walking beside him.

Sage is behind, looking around the unending richness. 

Eternus isn't on Ryker's level of rich, but he likes showcasing his riches just like Ryker, so his harem is vainglorious.

"If Ryker isn't Ryker anymore, then who'd blow Luminaria out of existence when it's time?" Ryker replied, giving him a glance.

"Of course, that's what you'd say." Eternus tilted his head.

They entered a room where a small plum garden is, and they sat in the center of the trees, on thick glass chairs with the desk between them.

Sage left them to go arrange a room for their night rest.

"Why the sudden visit? You didn't give me a heads-up this time." Eternus asked.

"There's a female," Ryker started. Eternus leaned in, eyes wide.

"Your partner finally?"

"She has the warmness, but not the mark." Ryker explained.

Eternus pulled back on the table. "Not the mark? Then she's not. Maybe she was just gifted with the warmness." 

"I ate her meal, I held her, I can hear her voice even when I don't want to. I have never saved anyone...my nature only kills but I saved her from the banshee!" Ryker's voice went up.

"Oh..." Eternus leaned in again. "I heard of how you killed generations too, cos they bullied her?"

"Cos I needed to attain the second stage. Don't twist this." Ryker rolled eyes shortly.

Eternus sighed.

"Her mother Liza is still alive. She wasn't killed like other rule-breakers cos the human who impregnated her did it with force."

"You made your findings? Good." Ryker pressed his back softly to the backrest.

"She's not your partner..." Eternus repeated, getting serious.

"And it's not like anyone hid her mark from me on purpose?" Ryker raised his lashes.

"Liza's powers were stripped from her the moment she got raped by a human, so there's no way she hid the mark. Even if she did, do you really think there's anyone in this world who can hide anything from you?" Eternus gave him a respectful look.

"Zeke is hiding Xena's lifeline from me, and it's still hidden in the shadows till now. You might wanna write that down." Ryker deadpanned.

"You can fool everyone else with your plans, Ryker, but not me. You really want me to believe you don't know where Zeke hid her lifeline? You?" Eternus laughed shortly.

"You got more annoying." Ryker muttered with another eye roll.

"Can we not ruin the night with your partner talks? You're spending more than one day here, so there's still time to talk. You said you ate her meal, why not eat mine too?" Eternus waved his hand.

The plum trees in the room vanished, getting replaced by several additional tables of lavish extravagant dishes. 

Colourful chandeliers hung from the ceiling, and beautiful decorative flowers bloomed on the walls, completing the dinning mood.

"I'm not eating your food." Ryker stood from the glass chair.

"Sit back." Eternus said from his seat.

Ryker went for the door, but the glass slammed close before he could touch it, so he turned back to face the sneaky old man.

Eternus is already holding his sword, ready for a duel.

"You should have asked for it nicely. Don't blame me if I strip you out of your skin." Ryker muttered with deep resonance, summoning dry ice on his right palm.

The rare black jewels on his robe were moving with his steps.

"I missed this" Eternus smiled.

They went for each other at the same sharp time, and their big duel started.

In one short minute, the room is in fatal irreparable ruins.

Shattered chandeliers, tables, mashed dishes, smashed chairs, broken grounds and walls. Falling ceilings.

Sage opened the door slightly, peeping inside to see the chaos ongoing. 

"I guess they're going to do this till tomorrow morning." He smiled.

His Channeler Shell brightened in his pocket, and he pulled it out quickly.

"Cheyenne?" He spoke into it.

"She's warm, the slave." Cheyenne said straight to the point.

Sage paused.

"Warm?"

"I think she's a fill-in till the real partner would be found, fair enough. That warmness saved her, I was gonna tear her face earlier." Cheyenne continued.

"Try to be nice sometimes, Cheyenne." Sage sighed as he walked away from that door.

--

[Loco Conference Rendezvous]

The ambassadorial conference didn't take as long as Granny Jojo predicted.

At 10am, they were already done.

She wasn't able to leave early as the other ambassadors were overfilling her with greetings like they do each time they attend the conference like this. They accord her great respect as the East Palace Granny which she hates, but she can't avoid it.

Now there are just two people left in the room with her, and as they came forward to give their greetings, she raised her brows at them.

Kasia and Astor.

"You West Palace folks just don't know when to stop." She said.

"We're not here to tackle you, Grandmother. We're here to seek cooperation." Kasia assured.

"On what?" Jojo scoffed, grabbing her bag already.

"You know exactly what, Granny." Astor said.

Jojo's eyes slipped to him for a second.

"I know you're not happy with the power abuse of Azura and Zeke, I know you're not fine with the unstoppable attitude of the twins. We just need you and Lord Ryker on our side, and on the night of the Feast, we'll do the needful. We only have to get the FrostOrb." Kasia explained.

"Nice explanation," Jojo stood. "I assume you spent days practicing that line before coming here, but sorry... You're not worthy of my cooperation, talk more of Ryker's."

She was glaring as she pushed Kasia's chair out of her way, and she nearly walked past her when Kasia stood suddenly.

She pulled Jojo back, holding eyes with her without blinking.

"You'll connive with us in the West Palace, you will convince Ryker to join us too, and you both will help us steal the FrostOrb on the night if the Feast." She compelled.

Everything went still for a second, but then like an unexpected wind, Jojo's palm smacked Kasia's face.

The slap was brutal, and it sent Kasia to the ground at Jojo's feet.

She tried standing, but she can't. Jojo held her there magically.

Astor attacked Jojo with a strike, trying to save his wife, but his strike was only able to shake Jojo subtly before she pulled a relic mirror out of her bag, throwing it at him.

His ear got a big cut, and the poisonous mirror reflection made his eyes black. He fell on the ground too.

The mirror came back to Jojo, she caught it smoothly.

"Granny! Granny stop!!" Kasia yelled fearfully on her knees.

"How dare you try to compel me! Is this pride? If you have this much pride, you should have fought Azura and Zeke when they were trying to kill your son Blaise!" Jojo yelled.

"We're no match for those two, we know that very well!" Kasia defended.

"But you think you're a match for me?" Jojo laughed. "I might not be sucking powers from the FrostOrb, but I'm not weak. You can't even face me, but you're dreaming of going against the whole of the East Palace? You both are fools!"

"Before you think of going against The Millions, first find out why you lose your powers at midnight. Solve that mystery before planing, cos if you make any move without preparations, then even Jude is enough to tear you both and your kids apart with your mediocre powers that can't lift a stone." Jojo continued, then she left the room.

Kasia was finally able to stand up. She rushed over to Astor and helped him up. His black eyes are back to normal, but his ear is bleeding very much. The cut part is on the ground.

"Her mirror technique got crazier." He muttered.

"She was right, we made a senseless move. Now I lost her trust." Kasia said regretfully.

"I told you. Didn't I?" Astor sighed, holding his bleeding ear.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School]

It's a full house.

Shayla and Xena didn't expect the crowd, they kept multiplying.

It's like everyone in Luminaria came for this audition, so it's definitely gonna be a tough one.

Luckily, Shayla and Xena are among the ones who came early, so they're number 20&21 respectively.

They're sitting outside with the others, and they're the only ones wearing black nose masks to conceal their identities.

Also, they're doing all they can to keep their heads low since the evil twins are inside the building.

If Sadie gets them, she's going to kill the both flatly.

They're both holding hands, avoiding talks too so their voices won't leak.

Luckily, there are people from poor families among the others, so they're not the only ones wearing cheap poor clothes, and that got them covered.

"20 and 21!" The call-in teacher yelled from the door.

They both raised their number tags, and they were called in.

Getting to the dressing room, fear gripped Shayla again.

The ballet outfit is a no for her.

The leggings and tutu is enough to cover her feet completely, but the leotard is tight and short on the arms, so she won't be able to wear that.

If she does, it'd expose the wounds on her back and arms, and that'd give her away.

She just wore only the provided ballet shoes, then she entered the main audition hall with Xena.

Inside the hall, Esme sat proudly with ten other teachers who're the Judges. She's in their middle with her usually flashy extravagant clothes and yellow over-painted nails.

The moment she saw Shayla, her countenance froze.

"Do you think this is a joke site? You're wearing a mask, and the only ballet stuff on your body is the shoes!" She snapped angrily, then she faced Xena too.

"And you, thankfully you're wearing the complete ballet wears, but why the mask?" She questioned.

"I have wounds on my body, and it might stain the white leotard if I put it on." Shayla spoke.

"And about the masks, we have our personal reasons. But we promise we won't disappoint you." Xena added.

"You both!!" Esme slammed her palms on the desk.

She was about to stand when one of the teachers spoke.

"Director, why not give them a chance? If they soil it, then we'll hand them over to the punishment camp. They'll clean sewages for a year, and they'll starve like street dogs."

"Fair enough..." Esme sat back, smiling interestedly. "Play Cruel Symphony Classical. Let them dance to it for me."

"Cruel Symphony? Mercury your daughter and the twins who're the baddest dancer here haven't even mastered that." A judge said.

"Do what I asked." Esme insisted.

The song was slid into the background speakers, and the moment the tunes started flooding into the room, the girls started their moves, rawly.

Fortunately, it's the same dance they saw the twins practicing at Starr balcony, and Shayla fell into the strings, becoming one with the song.

Xena isn't as perfect, but she followed Shayla's fast lead, and she didn't lag. She matched her pace.

Their arms flew in symphony, legs stretched in sync.

Their laps spread equally. They went back to back at the same time, slid on pointe multiple times then raised their weights to land on different spots before coming together again, then they went down, rolling back to each other and smiling.

By the time they stood, the entire judge are on their feet plus Esme herself, and they all have wide mouths and popped eyes.

Esme has mad shock in her eyes.

Xena caged Shayla from behind, and Shayla's slim body went slanted, then they went apart again...

"This is...." Esme gasped, dropping her pen.

She was clapping before she knew it.

"Awesome!!" The teachers joined her clappings.

"I've never seen this before!"

"Who are they?"

"Mama Mia!"

"Whoa!!"

By the time the girls made the last move and went on pointe again, the clappings were thundering around the room so hard.

"Can you both at least show your faces?" Esme went closer to them.

"Not yet, ma'am." Shayla said under her mask, sweating a lot.

"Fine...fine. Next week is the final audition like you both know, and you both have to come." Esme took tag 1 and 2, giving it to them.

"You both have to definitely show up, please." 

"Sure, we won't disappoint." Xena smiled under her mask, leaving the room with Shayla.

The moment they got back to the dressing room, they hugged tight.

"We're so lucky! I love you so much Shay!" Xena gushed.

"I love you too" Shayla smiled.

--

[Gymnasium]

Since the teachers are busy with auditions right now, dancers are here, just chilling out.

Each to their own side of the place.

Sadie and Mercury are sitting at a side, their legs are mounted arrogantly, and their soy milk bottles are held to their lips. 

They're drinking with straws, and they're glaring at two people in particular...

Kade and Blaise.

Soren is currently at the washroom, so he's not glaring with them.

"After their deaths, let's go break-in tonight. It's been long, and I have a mansion in mind." Mercury said.

"Sure, but I'm going to ask you one question." Sadie faced her.

"I'll never lie to you." Mercury shrugged.

"Are you in love with my brother?" Sadie asked flatly.

For the next minute, Mercury was blank, then she laughed, unable to keep her awkwardness low.

"In love with Soren? That'd be betrayal and I'll never do that to you. I know what's going to happen if one of you should fall in love, so that's never happening."

"You won't mind if I tell Soren to rape Xena and touch her right in front of you?" Sadie asked craftily, taking her milk straw away from her dark lips.

"Why would I care? In fact, it'd be sweet to watch." Mercury replied, wiping her sweaty hand secretly on her leggings.

"Great, then give me the ashes I told you to bring." Sadie stood.

"Right!" Mercury brought her dead father's ashes pack out of her bag. She was about to hand it over to Sadie when Faye came in.

She's holding her phone, smiling as she read out a news from lumi web.

"The Millions Family have to be the craziest family existing. Locking in their last daughter cos she was born blind? Precarious!" She laughed.

Sadie and Mercury gasped, shooting up from their seats at the same time. 

Soren came in, staring at his phone too. He has seen the news.

Sadie snatched the phone, and when she saw it, she gasped.

Kade, Blaise and the other dancers drew closer, converging around the twins who look obviously shaken.

"Oh...so there's a fourth child to the Millions family? And she's blind? I get the shame, her lock up is normal." Blaise chuckled.

"It's the news of the damn century. The oh-so-mighty Millions Family from the East Palace have a blind chic as the baby of the house. She's completely powerless? What a jinx!" Kade grinned.

"I bet she's ugly too." Faye added, popping her gum, and that made many dancers laugh.

Kade pushed everyone out of his way till he got to the middle to face the twins who're still dumbfounded.

"Your insane family isn't only power-drunk, but y'all are also lying crooks? That's unacceptable." He slammed his rigid chest into Soren's.

--

[Millions Family Exclusive Store]

The first thing Lilith came to check out is new clothes since she's a new member of the family now, and she'd be becoming Ryker's secret wife too.

She was humming excitedly as she shopped alone with enough assistants behind her who're pushing the carts of her plenty picked items.

Her makeup could paint two gigantic mansions right now.

"I feel so empty, I guess I'm eating next." She nodded with a pout, facing an assistant.

"Call the upper floor, I need carbonara in like twenty minutes." She ordered.

"Yes ma'am." The assistant bowed, leaving to do what Lilith asked.

"Lilith the dwarf?" Jude entered the store, looking utterly shocked at what he's seeing.

This place is exclusive, so how?

"Hey, upcoming big brother! I should have known we'd be becoming family the moment I got your jacket." Lilith waved.

Unexpectedly, Lilith gripped her neck, throwing her over to the other side with planned harshness.

"Why the hell are you in the family store you short irritating witch!" He demanded furiously.

"You damn thing!" Lilith stood, opening her mouth to scream, but Winona's entrance stopped her.

"Jude!! " She entered with a laugh, flashing her phone screen at his face.

"You haven't heard about the ongoing chaos? Luminaria is burning with the news of BBOTEP." She laughed again, enjoying the jest.

"BBOTEP?" Jude blinked.

"Blind Baby Of The East Palace! Your last sibling Pearl Millions is out in the open! Y'all are psychos in that family and I get the chills just thinking about it! Fûck!" Winona laughed louder, flipping her sleek healthy hair.

"What!" Jude gasped.

--

[East Palace, 6PM]

Azura and Zeke look so out of it as they ran their restless races into the main castle, their breaths chasing each other till they were inside.

They heard clattering sounds from the dinning, and they followed, meeting Pearl there.

She sat majestically, eating like a royal that she is. She's wearing one of Sadie's black dresses, and though the eye cover is away from her eyes, her blindness is obvious with the way her hands missed the plate few times.

"Mother? Father? I can smell your presence." She said, pushing a small cut tiramisu into her mouth with her plastic fork.

One dangerous hit from Zeke made the dinning table break down, sending glass splinters everywhere.

"How where you able to come out? How!!!" He roared.

"That's not a good way to welcome the baby of the house." Pearl smiled innocently, sitting still.

Azura dragged her up with her dress, and Pearl grunted.

"How were you able to get out? It's a question!"

The twins barged in at this point, followed by Jude and Granny Jojo.

"It's true." Soren muttered, his shock settling in better.

"She's even wearing my goth dress? That blind sorrow is wearing my dress!!" Sadie shouted.

"How are you out?" Jude spoke, bewildered.

"Pearl..." Granny Jojo muttered, her eyes wide too.

"A slave named Shayla saved me from the basement. She came and opened the door for me, and she gave me directions to come out. She did it, said she was doing me a favor which I didn't reject." Pearl said.

"Shayla?" Azura and Zeke chorused.

"Shayla?" Jude and Granny Jojo chorused too.

"That damn animal!" Sadie growled.

Soren's fists clenched.

Meanwhile, Old Chef is listening by the opposite wall.

He covered his mouth to block his gasp as he rushed off.

--

[Granny's Chamber]

Shayla leaned gently on the window of her room, rubbing her fingers on the wind chime and humming the Cruel Symphony song she danced to earlier at the audition.

She didn't meet Jojo at home when she arrived earlier, so she's alone here, accompanied by nothing but the scent coming from Ryker's embroidered handkerchief.

With a slim slice of smile on her face, she brought out the handkerchief from her gown pocket, pushing it to her nose to sniff.

"Wonder where he travelled to." She whispered, sniffing again.

"Shay! Shayla!! Shay!!" Xena's trembling voice rang from outside. 

"Xena?" Shayla left the window, and Xena came in tearfully.

She's with Old Chef.

"Shay, don't lie to me. Did you really open the basement door like Pearl said? She just confessed that you did! Please say you didn't! They're going to kill you!!" She cried shakily.

Shayla's eyes widened too much.

"Pearl? Is...out?"

"Talk to me!" Xena snapped.

"The door opened when my body touched it, and I went in. We talked for a moment and I left after shutting the door back." Shayla confessed fearfully.

"This won't work, they'll be here to take you any moment from now." Old Chef said with urgency.

Another person came in, making them turn. It's Cheyenne.

"Get here" she strictly ordered, but Shayla didn't understand, so she didn't move.

With powerful force, Cheyenne pulled her, and Shayla found herself in front of the wicked lady.

Cheyenne took her hand surprisingly, and she started taking her out of the room, but the royal guards were already at the door.

At once, they all attacked.

Cheyenne pushed Shayla behind herself, brandishing her nails at them. She tore two at a time, their flayed skins gumming to her bloody nails before they fell off to the ground.

Red stained the walls, and Shayla's heart thundered faster than it has ever done all her life.

The cries of the two torn guards wasn't enough to scare off the rest. They charged forward.

Cheyenne pulled off her hat and flung it forward, cutting off one head with it.

Blood sprayed the ceiling, then her legs left the ground. She leapt up fluidly and kicked the door metal away from the hinges.

The metal slammed into the faces of two others, and she landed back on her feet, her hair covering her eyes.

She took Shayla's hand again, attempting to escape, but this time, Azura and Zeke entered.

Cheyenne was pushed back with the brute force of their boiling anger, and her body easily rolled out of the room through the window.

"I didn't release her, I didn't even know how the door opened!" Shayla shook her head, shifting back.

Her organs shivered inside her as if detached from her hot insides.

"Keep quiet, slave." Zeke muttered, his rage affecting her from his voice.

Shayla staggered.

Azura immediately raised her hand up, waving it from from the dark skies to the ground.

A single thunder cracked in obeisance to her powers.

The thunder slipped into the house through the open window and hit Shayla's legs cruelly.

Every bone her legs crushed within that fleeting second, and her screams were louder than a banshee's as she went down, falling on her face flatly.

The twins came in with a black coffin which they dropped beside her, the weight so impactful on the ground.

Together, they threw Shayla's slumped body inside the coffin.

"The thunder arena is ready, the pinnacle is cold, waiting for her blood." Sadie said mercilessly.

"Great news, let's get it started." Azura's voice echoed darkly.

The coffin was carried out, Shayla's blood dripping out of it like water.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 25&26

It's a bonus chapter as you can see. I posted cos i wanted to. Let's meet for the strictness next week. I won't post with late requirements completion.

COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW.

REPLY ALL MY COMMENTS, DROP YOUR PERSONAL COMMENTS, LIKE AND SHARE.

#Unedited 

★

[King Mansion]

With restlessness and uneasiness, Liza sat at the edge of the dinning table, eating dinner with a flat face.

Though, the dinner is barely digesting. She's even having problem swallowing it. Her face might say she's nonchalant, but her innermost self knows her better.

Two hours ago, the news of the additional member of the Millions Family broke out. Pearl Millions got revealed to the eyes of everyone, and every single person in this city made fun of the East Palace.

But then an hour ago, another news broke out about the person who released Pearl from where she was locked, and it turned out to be the 150 billion slave... Shayla.

She's gonna get executed at the pinnacle on the arena. In fact, she's already getting tortured by now as far as she knows.

For someone who opened the family secret to the public, the Millions won't let her go easily.

Liza spooned her soup and brought it to her mouth to swallow again, but Kade barged into the house, interrupting her with his loudness.

"I was thinking of tricking you to tell me how to uncover her mark so I'd tell Ryker and he'd kill her for me, but seems the gods are on my side and they don't want me stressing!" He laughed, shifting her food away.

He sat on that table instead.

"I'm sure you heard it, mum. Your slave daughter is getting executed! I heard there's gonna be a live streaming of the execution and I'm gonna go watch with Blaise...care to join us?" He winked.

Liza stood and left the dinning silently, but Kade wouldn't have it, so he followed her, his steps pounding with her own.

"Tell me, do you love her more than me? I'm your only son remember? The one who'd carry the King surname till death!" 

"You're my son, and she is my daughter!" Liza faced her.

"Her human father raped you when you were sick and powerless in the human world! She wasn't supposed to happen! You should have aborted her! She doesn't deserve your damn love!" Kade grabbed her shoulders.

"Yeah, her human father raped me, but it was never her fault! She's just unlucky to be born in this place where rules are toxic! And abort her? I might have been raped, but she is still my child! Execution?" Liza laughed, pushing Kade's grip away from her shoulders.

"No matter how hard the torture is, she won't die! The mark might be gone from her body, but she still carries that warm aura and that's enough to keep her alive in any space, so stop your obsession with getting rid of her. You'll never be able to do that." 

And Liza didn't expect what happened next. Kade's hand flew to her face, giving her a loud hit which left imprints on her face.

Liza fell to the ground, holding her face and looking up at Kade shockingly.

Kade squatted in front of her, lifting his hand to her red cheek to touch, his smile resembling a maniac's.

"You lost all powers just to give birth to her, remember? So watch how you talk to me about her. You might be my mother, but respect boundaries. And now I get it, you lost your powers so it's impossible for you to do the job yourself. You probably hired someone to cover her mark, didn't you?" He muttered, tongue curling in his mouth.

Liza swallowed, and he smiled again, slowly taking his fingers away from her red face.

"There are many people who're good at spells in this city, I just have to gather them and search." He nodded, standing up.

"Blaise is waiting, I should go meet him before the live stream ends. Bye mother!" He blew her a kiss with two fingers then left the house.

Liza stood to her feet, caressing her red face as she walked back to the dinning to sit.

"Endure, Liza. You have to endure if you really want the results you're looking for." She muttered to herself.

"And you, daughter. You must endure too. Only then we can rule Luminaria together. You must live, please..." She clenched her jaws and fists.

--

[East Palace, Arena]

Just like the other time when Blaise's execution was happening, the arena is crowdy again with the clansmen and the main royals.

Shayla has been chained hands up to the pinnacle metals. Her body isn't even on the ground, it's floating in the air, and the chains are suspending her from their claws.

The current state of her legs is the most pitiful. They look obviously crushed as they're dangling with the bones gone, and her blood is trickling down, dropping on the pinnacle and flooding down the arena.

More than a litre left that body already, but her eyes are still slightly opened under her wet lids.

Even her face is bloody with the cuts she got from the chains, and her fingers are shaking above her head.

Granny Jojo isn't in the arena, but Jude is there, and he looks calm as he stood behind his parents.

Lilith is present too, and her smile is the brightest here, no arguments.

The twins had invited Mercury again, and she's scoffing as she awaited the start of the torture.

Xena is present too, behind the pillar. She's crying, and Old Chef had to cover her mouth so she won't give them away.

"How were you able to open the basement door?" Azura asked the question that has been bothering her, but Shayla stayed quiet, just crying and bleeding there.

"How were you able to break the seal and open the basement door!!" Zeke asked the question louder, but Shayla has no energy in her mouth to reply them. They're still going to kill her if she talks or not, so why not just keep quiet and conserve her energy for the punishment.

"The gun" Zeke ordered, and it was Sadie who threw him a wooden gun which he caught.

"That's the rotten barrel." Old Chef said behind the pillar, and Xena looked at him with her teary eyes.

"Rotten what?"

"It's one of their antiques in the family, and a bullet from it will make your bones rot inside your body till you start smelling. You'll rot from the inside and die. It's wicked than the thunder punishment." Old Chef explained.

Xena gasped in shock and nearly came out of her hiding, but Old Chef dragged her back.

"Are you gonna get us killed too?"

"Leave me alone! She's just too softhearted it's not her fault! She didn't open that door, I'm sure it was the blind Pearl. She already looks like trouble! She's behind everything!" Xena struggled.

Old Chef pulled her away from behind the pillar, then he started dragging her back to the kitchen, leaving the arena with her.

Zeke didn't hold back before pulling the gun trigger three straight times, and the bullets hit Shayla's upper body, all on the chest.

Her face shot up, and blood splurged out of her mouth and nostrils, wetting her dress and face too.

Jude's eyes turned away from the pinnacle. He closed his eyes and was biting himself repeatedly, unable to watch the cruelty.

"Oh...pity. Her legs got crushed already, now her upper body has those bullets inside? Sweet." Mercury laughed, facing Soren.

"Right, Soren?"

Soren didn't reply.

Sadie smirked, shooting Mercury a short glance.

"How were you able to open the door?" Azura asked calmly, taking the gun from Zeke and preparing to release another three bullets into Shayla's body.

The arena atmosphere froze, and the wickedness in the air could kill the weak as it moved with the breeze.

The clansmen and the rest of the east royals are beginning to murmur.

"She has no regards for her life!"

"She's a slave, what were you expecting?"

"Slave? I doubt it. How was she able to open the seal then?"

"That's the question she's refusing to answer, and it's annoying."

"She has to die!"

"Letting someone like her stay at the chamber was senseless from the start, but letting her stay alive? That'd be more stupid."

As Lilith listened to the different takes, she folded her short arms on her chest, her smile broadening.

She was planning to mark her for death before, but now she doesn't even have to stress.

Things are working in her favor.

"How were you able to open the door?" Azura asked again, cocking the gun and preparing to pull.

"I...I..." Shayla started, her mouth severely wet with the blood, so much that it affected her already powerless voice, draining life from it.

"I... dunno" she managed to push out the few words, and Azura pulled the trigger, releasing one more bullet to her belly.

Shayla went limp, arms dragging tight against the chains as her whole body lost essence.

Azura shot the chains next, and as they broke, Shayla fell from the air and landed on the pinnacle.

Her head hit the metal, and she sustained injury over there too, her body so slumped as it lay lifeless in the pool of blood.

"Get her back into the coffin." Zeke ordered. The twins came to do that.

Shayla's body was thrown back into the black doom space, and Lilith was called forward to mark her.

She placed a hand on Shayla's bloody face, and a tiny red mark appeared on her forehead.

"Marked for death, in three days. No matter how much the pains from her rotting flesh is, she won't die till the three days arrive. And not just her body, her soul is dying too. If her soul dies, then there's no hope of reborn for her. Just the right thing." She said.

"Even better" Azura commented.

The coffin was closed, and Zeke was the last to touch it before it vanished.

"Father, where did you send it?" Soren asked.

"Land of the condemned." Zeke replied, and Sadie jumped forward.

"Seriously? How many pain levels is she going to pass through then? Her crushed legs, the bullets on her upper body, her injured head and face, then the mark of death and now land of the condemned? Father I can't love you less." She hugged him, and the man laughed.

"Now, shall we deal with the newly released family member?"

"Of course." She shrugged, leaving with get father.

Soren and Azura didn't move.

"How was the slave able to open the door?" Soren said.

"You're as curious as me, aren't you? But my Zeke doesn't look bothered, and that's somehow. These days, I can't help but think he's keeping things from me." Azura replied.

"What are you planning to do with Lilith?" Soren asked.

"She's joining the family, and she's getting married to Ryker secretly very soon." Azura faced him.

"Joining the family? Mother, are you drunk?" Soren frowned.

"Son, joining the family doesn't always mean joining the family." Azura smiled. "We Millions have a long history of using people and manipulating them, we're just gonna use her too, as usual." 

She left, and Soren followed her.

Jude climbed the pinnacle, squatted and touched Shayla's blood with his fingers. He rubbed it, his jaws clenching again.

"Land of the condemned? That dreadful place."

--

[Palace Prison]

Cheyenne woke up to find herself sitting on the bare ground with her back on the wall, her suit bloodstained and her hair scattered. She's barefoot too.

After she was thrown out of the window earlier, she had lost consciousness, and she's only just waking up right now.

She spranged up, rushing to the thick metal bars to grab them.

She pulled stubbornly, kicking and even slamming her forehead on it, but no amount of powers can make it open. This prison was sealed with Azura's powers too, and so far it's Azura, no one can open it, so how was Shayla able to open the basement door?

That question made her pause, and her eyes went still.

"Is she really not the partner? Who's she if not?" She muttered, getting herself together again.

She resumed slamming her body on the metal bars, and they pierced her skin, giving her huge marks.

She summoned her nails, and when they grew, she went down and attached them to the ground concrete, trying to dig, but she couldn't.

Azura's seal is too strong, and she was thrown back. She tumbled hard.

"Darn it!!!" She grunted, wanting to stubbornly continue, but then the metal bars opened, and Granny Jojo came inside.

"Granny?" Cheyenne stood with heavy breaths.

Jojo looks guilty as she approached her, she couldn't stop it.

"How were you able to lift the seal and enter?" Cheyenne asked.

"Azura is my daughter, and this sealing technique was taught by me during her power training, so yes...I know how to open the seal." Jojo explained.

"You know?" Cheyenne came closer. "And you're aware that your youngest granddaughter was locked up, but you didn't save her?"

"Listen, I was just as selfish as the rest of the family before Ryker came here. When Pearl was born blind, Azura wanted to kill her, but I didn't want to lose a grandchild, so I suggested the lockup cos fighting against Azura would be suicidal, she's younger than me so she's stronger." Jojo explained.

"I guess you're not any different from the rest then. Y'all are sick in this family, and I'm not sorry to say. Now, what have they done to the slave?" Cheyenne asked breathlessly.

"You suddenly like her now?" Jojo looked up.

"Anything that gives Lord Ryker the slightest comfort is mine to protect! She's warm, and she has to stay alive!" Cheyenne snapped.

"She was shot and sent to the land of the condemned." Jojo said.

Cheyenne gasped, eyes popping wide. "Land of the...what!"

--

[Main Castle, Twins Room]

The sound of gloomy qin playing saturated the room, it's dark melody giving the room more sadness to drown in.

Pearl sat on Sadie's bed with the qin in hand, she's the one playing with her eyes widely open.

She's smiling again as her melodies flew out of the instrument, and her fingernails are riding effortlessly on the black strings.

She was about to hit the last note when the twins barged into the room, their anger getting bigger.

"My qin?" Soren scoffed, snatching it from her.

"On my bed?" Sadie added, using her leg to push her away from the bed.

Pearl fell on the ground, and the parents came in.

"You're going back into the basement. We already got disgraced by your revelation, and this disgrace can't continue." Azura said.

"That's right, youngest daughter. You should count yourself lucky that you got to taste outside life for a bit, now it's over." Zeke smiled.

"Is that really necessary?" Jude came inside with pocketed hands.

"Shut up!" Sadie snapped.

"I'm not going back in there, never! Especially now that I have a good-looking reason to stay outside!" Pearl spat, her blind eyes glaring.

"And who gave you the right to say a word you unwanted stain!" Azura snarled.

"My last granddaughter isn't going back to the basement." Jojo said, entering the room.

She took Pearl, hiding her behind herself.

"Mother" Azura spoke.

"You shouldn't do this." Zeke said.

"I said no one is locking her up again. So what if the citizens are disgracing y'all for her existence? Still doesn't change the fact that the Millions family are the rulers of the city, so retract your wings and leave her alone! She'll stay in the chambers with me." Jojo rushed, pulling smiley Pearl out of the room with herself.

"Should we just kill your mother?" Zeke faced Azura.

"You better not think about it, I'll take care of her myself." Azura glared.

The twins left the room together, and they went straight to the servants quarters to get Xena.

--

[West Palace, Midnight]

Kasia just finished sewing in the cut part of Astor's ear, so she sat tiredly beside him.

The kids are with them in the lobby, including Kade who came here to stay the night.

"I thought you said they'd be streaming Shayla's punishment live." Faye said.

"That's what I heard, but it got cancelled. The Millions Family are probably boiling right now, so they don't even have the time for that." Kade shrugged.

Winona is in one side, crying profusely like she just lost a husband. She's not wiping the tears, so they kept entering her mouth, and she kept licking crazily.

"When is Winona gonna stop crying?" Kade muttered.

"She likes the slave, and now that she's dead, imagine the pains, so let her cry." Faye replied, and Kade nodded.

This bastard sister of his knows how to make trouble. Winona likes her? Sounds sour even to the ears.

Well, she's dead now, so nothing more to worry about.

Blaise is alone in a corner of the lobby, and he's trying to teleport to his room but it's not working.

It's midnight, so it's normal for powers to disappear in this west Palace.

"And you both had to go make trouble with the Granny?" Faye scoffed, facing Astor.

"We wanted to try our heaviest best, but she ended up wounding Astor." Kasia replied.

"She told us to find out why we lose powers at midnight first." Astor said.

"Exactly!" Blaise stood from his corner, surprising everyone.

"Do you both even think? I'm so ashamed to even say I was birthed by Kasia cos the thinking faculty is dry!" 

"Blaise!" Kasia stood.

"You will not talk rudely to your mother!" Astor stood too.

"Oh shut up Astor!" Blaise slammed. "You do not have the smarts like my father! If my father was still alive, he'd have solved this mystery since long ago, but you being with my mother is making her look dumb which she's not! You're nerfing her!"

With her mind, Faye threw the flower vase on the table at Blaise, hitting him on the face and wounding his jawline badly.

Blaise fell back on the chair he stood from, and Kade quickly rushed to hold him so he won't lose consciousness.

"Faye?" Astor and Kasia gasped.

"Faye" Winona wiped her tears and stood, looking at Faye shockingly too.

"Did you forget? Only my father changed his surname to this family surname, not me, so he's the only one carrying the midnight curse with you all, not me!" Faye spat.

She faced Blaise who bleeding already.

"So you better watch how you speak to my father, and stop calling your dog by my name, or I kill that dog and feed you with the raw flesh!" She threatened and went inside.

"That was... insane." Kade chuckled.

Astor and Kasia exchanged glances, and Astor quickly followed Faye upstairs.

Winona and Kasia took Blaise to go take care of him.

--

[City~A Lone Mansion]

The twins chose this place as their sin spot tonight because the owners are on a trip to the human world, so the mansion is unoccupied for now.

They got down from their car in front of the building, they smiled at each other and went to the trunk where they dragged Xena out from.

She's gagged and also blindfolded.

Soren took the lead to the house, plucking the fire extinguisher from the outside wall.

He crashed it to the side window, breaking it down to create the entry space. He threw Xena inside the house then entered too.

Sadie jumped in with them, and in two more minutes, they've already messed up the house.

Loud music blasted as they took turns to stab the couches, break the chandeliers and shatter the plates in the kitchen.

They messed up the clothes in the bedroom wardrobes too, and they broke every drink in the cellar, but they left three bottles which they took one each from.

They were drinking as they came back to the large living room where Xena is on her knees.

Her blindfold and gag are still there, and she looks overly scared as she trembled obviously.

"Cheers!" The twins clinked bottles over the music, and Mercury came in.

"Y'all didn't tell me it was time for the fun! I was missing out!" She shouted, grabbing the third bottle from the ground.

She popped the champagne and drank her fill, then she noticed Xena on the ground.

"What's she... doing here?" She asked, slowly facing the twins.

"Remember what you said earlier about not caring if Soren rapes her? We're manifesting it." Sadie smiled.

The bottle fell from Mercury immediately, and she swallowed.

"Soren, get to work." Sadie ordered, and Soren started unbolting his belt.

Xena shook her head on the ground, swallowing over and over and over as she heard her fate.

She has managed to stay celibate all her life, she can't lose it this way. Not to a monster like Soren.

She could feel him getting closer. She has to do something.

Sadie's eyes stayed on Mercury, and Mercury managed to smile.

"I was serious, there's no big deal." She muttered, shrugging, though she's dying inside.

Soren better not touch Xena with his thing...he better not...

She gasped when she suddenly felt a sting at the back of her neck, and before she could turn around, the twins made the same gasp sounds.

Bees.

There are bees in the mansion.

They multiplied, stinging venomously till the cruel bullies started screaming, running around the room and trying to get the hives away.

Surprisingly, even their powers seemed to fail them at this point, they could only scream and run, and it's worse cos Sadie has fear of bees.

Xena stood from her knees, removing her gag and blindfold with irregular breathings.

The bees aren't attacking her since she's their summoner anyways. She called them with her mind, thanks to her animal control ability.

She ran out of the mansion, away from the chaos, but before she could get to the sidewalk, she was pulled back, and she screamed when she saw Soren's face.

It's swollen in different places with the beestings, and he the ree swells look hella painful.

Xena quickly went on her knees, begging...

"Please...I just...I just wanted to keep my celibacy intact. I'm so sorry, I know I was wrong but—"

"Run." He cut her off coldly, causing her to blink.

"Run before I change my darn mind!!" He yelled.

Xena stood and ran off without looking back.

Soren hooked his belt back, looking at the mansion. Mercury and Sadie are still screaming inside, his ears are getting loud waves of it.

He has always wanted to stay celibate till death, and he wasn't gonna let Sadie ruin that, so Xena's move worked in his favor too.

He went back into the mansion, casting a spell to wipe the memories of the two girls.

--

[Clouds Castle]

Oddly, Ryker has been curious.

He's far from Luminaria right now, so he's not expecting to hear Shayla's voice as usual, but at least, there should be signs.

His ears should itch from lack of her voice. They do anytime he's far from the palace, so why not now?

Should he have given her the Channeler Shell?

This worry isn't something he does on the norms, but he kept getting the underlaying feeling that something ain't right.

He's sitting alone in his mountainside room, and he has fused the heavenly energy of this place with his own, trying to search for Xena's twin again with the conjunction, but he can't even concentrate a little bit.

"Sage!" He called, and Sage rushed in.

"My Lord?"

"When last did Cheyenne communicate with you?"

"When the say was still bright, she communicated and told me how warm the slave was. That was like twelve hours ago." Sage reported.

Ryker went silent.

"Do you have suspicions?" Sage asked, but Eternus entered with a tray of alcohol before Ryker could answer that.

Sage left the room.

"I still can't believe you actually wounded me during the duel yesterday. Your obsession with blood got thicker." Eternus sighed as he set the tray on the table.

"Since you won't eat, then drink. That's less stressful." 

But that same second, the tray fell from the table cos Ryker actually hit it away. The alcohol wasted away.

"I'm not interested in eating, not interested in using my mouth for anything that's not talking, try to process the words one by one!" Ryker snapped before he knew it.

Eternus didn't even look at the wasted alcohol, his eyes settled on Ryker's livid ones.

"You're angry, why? Is something the case? You were talking peacefully with Sage before I entered." He softly said.

Ryker stood like a giant, but Eternus blocked him.

"What's the reason for this visit in the first place? You won't tell me anything, but you expect me to tell you truths! Why are you pretending not to know where Xena's lifeline is? And why are you still letting Xena suffer in the East Palace kitchen when you have enough power to take her out!"

"That offer landed on her table too many times, but she kept declining. She insisted she's not leaving the kitchen if I do not save her father with her, and you know that's the most impossible thing in my existence. The only thing I owe him is death! If Xena wants to suffer with him, who am I to block that" Ryker declared, still angry.

"Then why are you still in the palace yourself? You'd have escaped if you wanted to. What are you planning?" Eternus asked again.

"Your questions doubled, makes me wonder what you're actually up to." Ryker smirked, and the curiosity on Eternus face slipped.

"It's just curiousness with nothing else at the base!" Eternus said, but that wasn't enough to save him from the slash he received on the chest.

He wasn't fast enough to dodge it, and the hit flung him to the ground where he held his aching chest.

He summoned his sword, but Ryker waved it away. The weapon entered the ground, getting stuck.

Eternus held his chest, looking up at Ryker's livid face.

"You hurt me on purpose during the duel yesterday just to weaken me?"

"Glad you know." Ryker nodded, walking closer with burning gaze. "You shouldn't have lied to me. You've been my confidante for years, and I know your habits. Your eyes are gloomy whenever you're saying the truth, but they're shiny when you tell your pranking lies, like you did yesterday. How dare you lie to me!"

"Ryker .. " Eternus stood, but he fell back to the ground, his weakness spreading to his legs.

"Is she, or is she not the partner? You only have to answer yes or no. Is someone hiding the mark? You only have to answer yes or no to that too, or I'll have to be the first demigod to kill a seer!" Ryker demanded, all softness going into extinction.

"My Lord!" Sage rushed inside, breathing hard and heavy.

Ryker's eyes flicked to him, and Cheyenne entered behind him, panting and sweating.

Merely seeing the bloodstain on her suit, Ryker knew everything is wrong. 

"I had to find my way here. She was taken after she let Pearl out of the basement, Azura condemned her legs with her thunder, she was shot with the rot barrel, she injured her head and Lilith also marked her before she was sealed in a coffin and sent to the land of the condemned." Cheyenne explained without breathing.

"Land of the condemned?" Ryker muttered, getting robbed of all existing patience.

Cheyenne took a deep breath, and Ryker stepped back.

"Stay here with him, you both. He's not supposed to be able to stand before I return." He said.

"Are you going to go to the land of the condemned?" Sage came closer fearfully. "That place holds a darkness blood can't quench, and you know it. Even the powerful tyrant supreme who entered to seek power some centuries ago...he lost his soul completely and hasn't returned. You can't take that risk. Also, we all know you need the pass from Zeke to enter, and he'll never release it."

"How dare you compare me to a foolish tyrant supreme?" Ryker rolled eyes arrogantly.

"My Lord, it's very ris—"

"Hold your peace, Sage. Trust him." Cheyenne cut him off, and Sage swallowed.

"Watch him." Ryker said, then he vanished by the door.

--

[Luminaria, East Palace]

The palace is silent as it's 2am presently, so everyone is asleep including the servants and slaves, but the lights are brightly on in every corridor and halls.

Faint footsteps pressed on the sleek floors of the main castle lobby as a pair of clean bare legs marched silently till it arrived at the long staircase which it climbed.

A barrel hung from the hand of the person, smelling like death.

The walk was intentional, but with obvious hint of lethal darkness.

The space between the two feet at each step is measured, and it stayed as ominous as that till he arrived on top of the stairs.

The first door he opened was the twins room.

It opened with a swing, and he wasn't surprised to see them on their separate beds, sleeping soundly.

He cocked the gun, slid his finger under the trigger and pulled twice, targeting the twins legs.

Deafening cries of agony fell out of their mouths, the venom of the bullets waking them up from their beauty sleeps.

Blood covered their sheets in seconds, and they fell off the bed, lifting the room temperature with their cries.

With satisfaction, he left the room, going down Jude's room, but Jude isn't there, so he moved to the chamber.

The twins cries accompanied him till he got there.

Granny Jojo and Pearl are sleeping, curled up like a happy grandmother and grandaughter in bed.

Jojo sensed the presence, so she shot up in bed, her eyes coming wide under the lights.

"Ryker, it's not what you think. I couldn't fight for her because —"

"Shhh" Ryker hushed her, blasting the bullet into her own leg too.

Her cries wake Pearl up, and the moment she sat up blindly, Ryker gifted her her own bullet.

Jojo and Pearl's blood mixed on the sheets just like the twins, and Ryker's toe ring glowed, happy to witness the blood and tears.

"Ryker!!!" Azura and Zeke barged into the chamber, and when they saw he had shot Jojo and Pearl too, they looked traumatized.

Where did he even get that barrel gun from?

"Mother!!" Azura shouted.

"I like that you love death so much, enough to court it! You don't need Xena anymore? Is that it? How the hell did you even enter the castle without my notice! I'd notice the entrance of the smallest ant even during my sleep." Zeke spat, both in shock and surprise.

"I like that you love underestimating me so much, and it's so beautiful to watch." Ryker groaned, keeping the gun intact and that frosty face.

"But I don't have that storytime in hand as at now. Drop the pass to the land of the condemned, or I take your blood too. And don't think this is your barrel gun. That rot one is your foolish version, but this one sucks blood. I'm sure you see my toe ring shinning, meaning it's sucking. Drop the pass, or everyone I shot dies in five short minutes!" Ryker spat.

"Ryker Morozov!" Azura yelled.

"Correct. You don't take my only warmness and expect me to sit still like a moron!!!" Ryker growled...

"The pass, or everyone dies."

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 27&28

My plan: to post throughout this week. Y'all can muddle that by messing with the engagement anyday. I won't hesitate before going off.

Let's make up for the lost days and cover up this week, y'all.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share. Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow, or no chapter.

★

Even after the unfunny warning and the short time limit, the evil couple still stood there, staring back at Ryker like he just said a language they didn't understand.

Despite the high agonizing cries of Granny Jojo and Pearl, they didn't move, and the threat is far from fake cos as the seconds counted, their bleedings got heavier.

As for Pearl, she might be crying and bleeding like crazy, but somewhere inside her, she's glad that the bullet came from Ryker.

It came from HIM, and she's going to cherish this bullet for the rest of her life. To her, it's his first gift to her.

She could smell him, his dark doom scent with a mixture of wet petals scent from his spring pool.

She could feel him so bad, and even as she bled, she got aroused.

Now two minutes are gone, and both Jojo and Pearl herself already lost two litres of blood and still pouring.

Ryker stood there, looking like a calamitous foreshadow of death beside the bed. His robe is slightly bloody from all the blood he has spilled tonight, and his eyes are still that shade of unquenchable anger.

The barrel is still with him. He's still not relenting as he glared back at the couple.

Royal guards ran into the room—three of them.

"The twins, they lost consciousness already!" They reported.

"They...did?" Azura gasped.

"Blood! There's blood everywhere!" They said, their fears rubbing off on the couple.

"Zeke! The pass!" Azura said.

"What are you talking about! We're going to bow?" Zeke faced her.

"You heard me, the pass!!" Azura yelled.

Zeke looked at Ryker, and he could feel his own pride getting thwarted as he spread his palm forward.

The pass appeared in form of a black card with a white skull drawing.

Through the air, he sent it to Ryker who caught it and vanished from the chamber immediately.

--

[Land Of The Condemned]

Darkness. Darkness. Darkness.

Nothing else is here except hovering shadows of wraiths 

There's no structure, no form, no water, ground or plants or stones. It's just empty. A void space.

Ryker appeared in the air, his brows curving in a tight knot as he took in his surroundings, trying to get his bearings and have a feel of it.

Shayla was sent here in a coffin, so it's either she's somewhere in the air, or the wraiths got a hold of her.

If it's the second one, then it'd be harder to get back cos the wraiths here are spirits of the people he killed—innocent and guilty, and their resentment against him is so strong that he's already feeling it in his core.

He tried using his ears, but nothing came. She might be unconscious, but at least he should be able to hear her faint heartbeats.

He got nothing, so he moved forward, swirling with the cold air.

"My Lord!" Shayla's small voice alerted him behind

He sharply turned around.

His toe-ring shone bright, providing the needed amount of light.

Shayla stood there in the air, smiling her usual bright smile at him. Her clothes are clean—free of blood, and her hair is well kept—silky.

"My Lord, did you come for me?" She smiled again, her full lips parting as she stretched her arm forward.

"Here, let's go back."

Ryker moved to her, giving the hand a stare before rolling his eyes back to her face, carefully.

"Is there a problem, My Lord?" She talked again, and Ryker decided to answer that one with his dagger.

He pulled it out of nowhere, stabbing her chest with the blade and making sure everything went in.

She shattered to white ashes, giving away the disguise as she disappeared with the air.

It's not her, just her image that's formed by the resentment of this place to fool him.

Ryker looked at the dagger, then forward again. The knot between his brows grew, and the more he moved, the colder he got.

It's like someone is increasing the level of the coldness here, and he's not surprised.

This place hates him, so the wraiths are going to use his greatest weakness against him—the cold.

"My Lord!" Shayla's voice interrupted his search again, and he looked beside him to see her.

She looks same as the first one, but she's not smiling. She's crying.

"Please take me out of here! Please please... it's too cold in here...I want to go home, i—"

That was the end of her sentence cos Ryker threw his dagger to her chest, and she blasted to ashes just like the first image.

Now it's getting annoying.

Whatever game the wraiths are playing here, there has to be a stop to it. He's a patient god, but this is his breaking point.

He grabbed his dagger again, but the wraiths began whispering in his ears.

Misleading, discouraging things.

"You'll never be able to find her."

"You shouldn't have come here."

"How could you enter a land full of resentment from people you've killed."

"You have no idea what you just entered."

The more sentences he heard, the colder he got. Ice carpets are starting to form on his skin, but that wasn't enough to stop his search.

If anything, he got more adamant.

He's not supposed to get wounded here. If he does, the resentment seeps deeper into him, but he doesn't care about that at the moment.

He used the dagger on himself, cutting his palm and splashing his own blood around.

Sensing his blood, the place took form. Grounds appeared, rivers mountains, trees and forests, skies.

A red glow of light peered from the open sky too.

Ryker landed gently on the ground, concentrating on his ears again.

He heard faint heartbeats, and he traced it to one of the caved mountains.

Entering, the cave, his steps halted.

Sitting pointedly on top of a wooden pike is the coffin, but there are wraiths surrounding it.

He could see their shadows crossing and mingling on the coffin body, and they started talking again.

"Thanks to your sweet blood, we had a meal after centuries of starving, why not give us more?"

"Do you even know what wounding yourself here means?"

Ryker looked at his palm. It's not healing like his other wounds.

"Of course it won't heal, you shouldn't have gotten wounded here, Ryker!" A husky wraith voice said.

"Too noisy!" Ryker snapped, moving with the wind to get to the pike. 

He was attacked by the shadow wraiths, but he fought back heads-on, tumbling and turning. 

His wounded palm seemed to be drawing strength from his chest, and it's exhausting him fast, so he cut himself again.

He didn't splash the blood like the first time. He brought the cut to his lips and sucked on his own blood.

"You're as unbelievable as they say!"

"Using your own blood to fight your exhaustion? You're a stubborn one, Ryker!"

"You might be fine now, but you'll never be able to get out of it when you leave this place! Two wounds means more agony for you!"

"Even your demigod status won't save you! Ryker Morozov!"

The voices of the wraiths got louder as Ryker sucked his own blood till he was content.

His ice grew in insurmountable sizes from the ground. The insane coldness and the ice water sent the wraiths away. Their shadows escaped the cave on their own.

Ryker finally had access to the coffin, but just as he was about to open, someone else popped out of a corner in the cave.

Jude.

"I knew you'd come, and here you are. Thanks for chasing the shadow wraiths away, but she's mine to take home." He muttered, his eyes sheening with both desire and superiority.

He dashed Ryker with a hit, strong and powerful.

Ryker knowingly waited for the hit, allowing it to touch him. He didn't even shake, but he could feel the energy of the FrostOrb in the hit.

"You absorbed power from the FrostOrb." He said, looking up at Jude who threw him a scoff.

"I wanted to take you as a brother even when you aren't really my brother, but you never wanted it. And that's why you gave me headache that night when I was with her at the bleak corridor!" 

"Now that I think about it, I should have killed you. It's less painful than headache." Ryker replied simply, voice running deep.

"What!"

"You Millions Family are never pure or kind. You're either greedy like your parents, hateful like the twins, pretentious like Jojo, or lustful like the blind Pearl. I've been waiting for you to share their sins for long, but I never knew you have your own different sin. Mad Desire for what doesn't belong to you." Ryker listed, his lips and chin so wet with his own deeply red blood.

"Doesn't belong to me?" Jude laughed. "Buying her with your own money means nothing. She belongs to the family, and I am part of the family, so if I say I want her, I'll get her. I am the one who healed the wound you gave her on the tummy. The twins once broke my legs just because they know how I feel about her, and I'm the same person who covered her with my expensive jacket when she slept on the bare ground of the Slaves Hall corridor! Tell me, what have you ever done? You only know how to hurt and kill and shed blood!" Jude snarled, breathings getting heavy.

"That's a pretty long list" Ryker smirked arrogantly. "Do you want me to go on my knees for thanks?"

"Get out of my way, I'm taking her. There are several nonhumans cities apart from Luminaria. I'll take her to one of them and we'll live happily till her heart opens for me." Jude said, and Ryker nearly laughed.

Slowly, he moved out of the way, paving it for him completely.

"All yours." He nodded at him.

Jude threw him a glance as if measuring his sincerity, then he looked at the coffin, knowing Shayla is waiting inside.

He sped there, but before he could even touch it, he was thrown out of that environment.

He rolled down the pike, landing on the cave ground, and from there, he lunged his own attack, but his green flame barely touched Ryker.

Ryker leapt to the air and touched the coffin lid with his leg.

He whipped around as the lid opened, lifting from the coffin and going down the cave to slap Jude's face fatally.

The wood broke on his skin, and two nails got stuck on his head and chin.

He went down, his body falling into the cave dust.

Ryker landed again, lowering his lashes to peek at the foolish male.

"Thinking you can tackle me after absorbing power from my FrostOrb was your first mistake. Such weak plans, it's boring to watch." He said as if Jude could hear him.

He looked back at the coffin that's now open, and his coldness nearly slipped from his face when he saw Shayla's condition inside.

Her skin is complete dead purple in color. No whiteness anywhere, and he could clearly see the imprints of her broken bones under her skin.

Her wounded face and forehead. Everything looks bad.

Angrily, he went down the pike and removed the remaining nails from the coffin lid. 

They're much, but that's just what's needed. He sent them all to Jude's body, making sure his bones got pierced to the marrow.

That barely calmed Ryker, but at least it did something.

He brought the coffin down from the pike and carried Shayla's body out of it, settling it down.

According to Cheyenne, Lilith marked her for death, but he's not seeing any mark on Shayla's forehead right now.

Could her warm aura have wiped the mark?

He waved that curiousness away for now, deciding to heal her bones first.

Placing his palm above her body, he began fusing her with his energy, and that made his ice act up more than it's already doing.

Ice carpets are even forming on his fingers, stopping the healing process, but he slammed his hand on the ground, breaking the ice and continuing the healing.

Under his eyes, her bones returned to their original position, and her legs straightened back, then he moved to the bullets on her upper body. 

Cheyenne would have removed them better with her nails, but the journey from here back to Luminaria is long, and the time here is faster, so if anymore time is wasted, Shayla might fall into coma, and it's dangerous with such bullets.

He summoned a sharp ice spike, and thanks to her unconsciousness, she won't feel the intense pain.

He inserted the spike under her chest skin, digging out the bullets.

It was easier than expected.

He moved to the head and facial wounds next. By now, the ice has formed on his whole body.

They're on his lashes, there are shards of it on his lips.

He's shivering internally, and he can't use her warmness right now cos she's unconscious. 

Despite his weakness and freezing iciness, he healed the wounds.

Everything. 

Including the ones on her back and hands.

He swept her up from the ground, into his shaky arms.

He was grunting, growling in a low tone as he walked out of the cave, his legs trembling on the ground.

He needs the warm spring pool right now. NOW.

Actually, even the spring pool won't help this iciness at all.

It has never escalated to this level before, and he knows it's because of his palm wounds.

The shadow wraiths were right about how he'd suffer, and the suffering is already starting even when he hasn't even left this place.

He walked past Jude's body on the ground, and ice were falling off him to the ground as he left the cave.

He held her tight in his arms, throughout.

--

[Luminaria, East Palace]

The moment Ryker vanished some hours ago, the bleedings of everyone stopped, and the palace physicians were called to remove the bullets from everyone of them.

When Pearl's bullet was removed, she collected it from the physician and hid it in her pocket.

She wasn't joking about cherished this bullet. It's hers.

Every member of the family is at the Starr balcony, and there's silence.

Lilith is present, too.

"I have just one question, and this is it. Why is Xena still alive? The moment that bastard shot everyone, you should have cut his sister's lifeline!" Sadie spoke up first.

"Killing his sister means he'd kill us all and leave this palace to wreck more havoc! That can't happen yet, especially now that we're close to finding his partner. He called her his only warmness" Azura replied.

"His partner?" Soren frowned.

"Shayla, it's very obvious." Lilith said from the rails, her hatred for Shayla higher than before.

"What! Shayla? How?" Sadie stood.

"I felt her warmness when she came to take me at the basement, I started suspecting from there." Pearl said.

Granny Jojo stayed silent.

"But she doesn't have the mark. He always checked for marks in his Groove. If she's really the partner, she should bear the mark on her back. It's impossible" Soren said.

"I guess he doesn't know. For once, someone actually kept something from that bastard. He visited the clouds castle, Eternus must have said something, which is why he came back to shoot everyone." Zeke said.

"Then make it quick. He has gone to the land of the condemned to get her, right? Take her and extract her FireStone from her, merge it with his FrostOrb and share it among us, make us become unconquerable demons and kill the two of them. Why wasting time?" Sadie said.

"She doesn't even have the mark yet, so calm down. He went to the land to take her, and he'd be weak by the time he arrives. We attack in the morning, take her and make the mark appear on her first before proceeding with the rest of the process." Azura explained.

"Cool." Sadie nodded.

"And I need to change his sister's lifeline location. Something tells me the bastard knows it." Zeke stood.

"You have skills in hiding things, how would he ever be able to find out?" Soren frowned.

"It's hightime you all stop underestimating him." Zeke said.

"I'm going back to sleep, it's just 5am." Sadie said, facing Soren.

Soren followed her out.

Zeke left next.

Pearl stood and wanted to walk out on her own, but Lilith held her.

"You are?" Pearl asked.

"Lilith the banshee, a new member of this family." Lilith said.

'New member? Fool' Pearl thought.

She didn't shoo her away though. She allowed her, and Lilith took her.

Sadie and Soren don't like her, Jude dislikes her too, so it's safe to make friends with the blind one.

After they left, Azura went to Jojo wh's still sitting.

"You loved him more than your real grandchildren, but look...he shot you too." She laughed at her face.

"That bastard is as cold-hearted as his ice, so I dunno what you were expecting. He likes no one in this family, stop your delusions, he'll never see you as a friend! You should come back to your senses, return to your family." She touched Jojo's arm.

"Your grandchildren needs you, mother. And I need you more." 

Jojo looked up, and Azura smiled before leaving the balcony.

Meanwhile, inside the twins room, Sadie feels uneasy, and there are questions in her mind.

She's under her bedsheets, and she kept rolling around in bed, unable to get back to sleep.

"Ren." She called.

Soren turned to her on his own bed.

"Yes?"

"After Granny took Pearl away from our room yesterday, did we go somewhere?" Sadie asked.

"No. We went to sleep directly." Soren replied instantly.

"Are you sure? We didn't go breaking into the unoccupied mansion with Mercury?" Sadie asked.

"We did nothing, just sleep." Soren said, pulling the quilt over his head.

"Why do I keep feeling like something happened and I can't remember?" Sadie muttered.

But then... Soren will never lie to her anyways.

She pulled the quilt over herself too, and sleep enveloped her.

--

[Next Morning, Slaves Kitchen]

Old Chef is cooking the family meal in the castle kitchen, but Xena is here, cooking the slaves breakfast with tears in her eyes.

The only moment she stopped crying was when the twins took her to break-in to the unoccupied mansion, but after she escaped, her tears has resumed.

When she was a kid, her only friend was her twin who eventually went missing, but then the heavens sent Shayla as a new one, and now this ruthless family took her too.

Who'd follow her to the next audition now? Who's going to dance with her or talk freely to her?

She was wiping tears with her arms as she washed the serving plates, and she didn't even know when Old Chef entered the kitchen.

"Xena, there's a news!"

She didn't turn.

"It's about Shayla! I heard Ryker returned last night, and he went to that dreadful land to bring her back." He broke the news, and she turned, hope filling her eyes.

"You don't mean that, yeah?"

"I heard he shot every member of the family with a weird gun just to get the pass." Old Chef further explained.

"What!" Xena's eyes popped.

--

[Heartless Tower]

Shayla could feel the sun behind her tight lids, the softness beneath her small body, and the painless state of her flesh and bones.

If this is hell, then hell is not as painful as they say at all. She feels at ease, and her skin feels new on her flesh. Even her lids are eager to open.

This isn't hell, and this isn't paradise either. Is there bed in paradise?

She's definitely in a bed, so...

Her eyes opened so fast, and she sat up to see she's really on a bed.

Soft, large one. She's in the middle like a small kitten, and the room on its own is as spacious.

Jeweled walls, golden grounds, the ceiling tiles are surely sapphire with crystals. The shine from everything is binding, and she had to cover her eyes slightly with her fingers.

This feels like paradise, and she can't even point where exactly it's located, but her own is more shocking.

Apart from her healed body, she's wearing a long but cute pink dress which covered her knees, stopping below it. It's short sleeved, so she can see her fresh arms.

This can't be her own skin, right?

She checked her foot too. It's usually so rough, but now it's like a newborn baby's. Even her palms and fingers.

She smells nice too.

What's going on?

She rushed down from the bed, wearing a fluffy shoe she saw beside it. She rushed out of the room, and surprisingly, the corridor is just like the room. The gold, sapphire, crystals and Jade. Diamonds, too.

She kept blinking in unexplained shock, but she stopped when she saw a mirror by a part of the unending wall. Her eyes widened properly at her own reflection.

No scars on her face, her lips are more luscious and pink than before, and her hair looks treated. Silky.

It looks longer too, and fuller.

What's going on?

Fear licked the back of her neck, and she moved forward, breaking into a penguin run. She stepped into the first room she saw after a three minutes sprint, and her shock doubled up when she saw Cheyenne.

The room looks like a kitchen.

It's actually a kitchen, and Cheyenne is cooking. She's with a knife, chopping green cabbages.

Her eyes met Shayla's, and Shayla froze in place.

Yeah, this is hell.

So far wicked Cheyenne is here, then it's definitely hell.

With two long strides, Cheyenne got to her. Shayla pressed her body to the wall trepidly.

With empty, dark eyes, Cheyenne raised the knife to her neck...

"D-don't" Shayla stuttered, her breaths seizing.

Cheyenne's lips curved with intentions only known to her.

She dropped the knife and returned to the cabbages she was slicing.

"Considering what My Lord went through before he could get you out, I should be killing you right now, but you're covered by his grace, so I dare not touch you. Lucky you." She said.

"What he went through? I'm not dead?" Shayla went closer to her, suddenly finding her boldness.

"Don't ask me questions, Tiny. I won't answer you. Take your questions to Sage. He's the nice one." Cheyenne replied without looking at her.

She's so focused on her cabbages.

"Tiny?" Shayla blinked, using her fingers to slip her smooth black hair behind her ear.

"That's what I'll be calling you from now on. I'll never call you by your real name so get used to it." Cheyenne replied, still not looking at her.

"I'm not...tiny." Shayla said.

Cheyenne finally looked at her, and there's a smirk hanging loose under her lips.

"Put your wrists together and give them to me." She ordered.

Shayla did that, and Cheyenne held her two wrists with just one hand.

"I can hold your two wrists with just one hand, and you're not tiny? You should look in the mirror. Your stature is so small, but thankfully, you have a slightly pretty face, so it's all good, Tiny." She said.

"Fine, but where are we?" Shayla asked curiously, shifting her gaze to the cabbages.

"I told you, I won't answer your questions. You don't even know your own identity." Cheyenne replied.

"My own identity?" Shayla asked.

"Do you know Lord Ryker's identity?" Sage asked, strolling into the wealthy, shinny kitchen.

He sat on the kitchen golden island, and Shayla faced him.

"You're...."

"Sage." Sage nodded.

"Oh...Sage. Nice to meet you properly." She smiled.

"You haven't answered my question." Sage said kindly, the sound of Cheyenne's cabbage chopping filling the kitchen. She's doing it so fast like she's really good with the knife.

"Yes. I know Lord Ryker is a demigod who carries the millennial ice inside him, and he owns the FrostOrb. He has the tattoo of a frozen sword in the middle of his back." Shayla said.

"Then do you know you're a demigoddess who carries the millennial fire inside you? And you own a FireStone. You have the tattoo of a burning fire in the middle of your back, but it's not showing yet." Sage explained.

"Me? Demigoddess? Fire sword? What's that?" Shayla said in confusion.

"Stop wasting your energy, Sage. It's useless, she won't understand." Cheyenne said from her side.

"Where are we?" Shayla asked.

"Heartless Tower." Sage asked.

Shayla staggered, eyes coming wide again. Her ears can't even believe.

"What! How come? How am I inside...." She gasped.

"Listen!" Cheyenne dropped her knife, losing all patience.

"The Millions Family threw you into the land of the condemned, a place inhabited by the shadow wraiths of everyone Lord Ryker has killed. I mean their spirits, so the place is full of resentment which could hurt him internally. Still, he went in there to look for you!" She snapped.

Shayla's eyes widened again, her chest thundering too.

"In there, getting wounded would only increase his chances of getting weak, but he cut himself once to search for you, and twice to control his exhaustion. He found you, healed your wounds and broken bones and got rid of your bullets! He brought you here when he was covered in ice!" Cheyenne continued.

Shayla swallowed.

"Yeah... Lord Ryker was covered in ice completely when he arrived here, and his palm wounds has allowed the resentment of that place to get into him, so he's internally wounded. He's currently soaking in his spring pool." Sage said softly.

Shayla shook her head.

"No. Why would he do..."

"He's always cold, you're his warm partner." Sage cut her off.

"Part...ner?" Shayla stuttered, not knowing how to process all these. The info dump is too much.

"Why do you think he allows you to hold him? Are you slow?" Sage asked.

"Of course she's a slow retard, anyone who lived all her life in a cage would be dull." Cheyenne rolled eyes.

"Be kind" Sage nudged her, but she rolled eyes again.

"I'm not slow. I just don't know much, but I promise you don't have to tell me twice. I'm a fast learner so I grasp things fast." Shayla said slowly.

"Great" Cheyenne shrugged, pushing a plate of salad to her.

"Eat, and we can talk about what's next." She said, handing her a fork.

Sage gave her a stool, and Shayla sat, still looking so out of it.

She took the fork though, but she was only able to eat one forkful out of the rich salad.

She can't even taste what she's eating on her palate and buds.

"Can I...see him?" She asked, looking up at the two knights above her.

Cheyenne's reply was curt "No."

"Yes." Sage said.

"We left Eternus at the sky castle, and Lord Ryker's order was to hold him down. We need to go back to the sky castle." Cheyenne explained.

"But he needs her to calm down his ice that's acting up." Sage said.

"The spring pool is enough for that. We can't take her to the Groove without his permission, and he's not conscious enough to give it." Cheyenne said.

"He has been in the pool since 6, and this is 8. Has he ever soaked for two hours before? I've changed the hot water close to twenty times, but his ice kept freezing it. He's still shivering, Cheyenne. If the Millions Family decide to attack like this, then we're cooked." Sage said.

Cheyenne looked at Shayla, and Shayla stood.

"Please... If he's in that condition cos of me, I should at least help. Please, please." She said.

"So bothersome, follow up." Cheyenne scowled and led the way out of the kitchen.

"Let's go." Sage smiled at Shayla, and her face brightened up.

She followed them.

There's a path to the Bamboo Groove behind the tower, so they just walked that way.

Cheyenne and Sage didn't get there with her though. They left her at the entrance, and she entered by herself.

This is a place she once nearly got killed when Lilith tricked her to enter. Now she's entering for a different purpose, and this entry is authorized.

She found the spring pool fast, thanks to the fact that she has entered before.

Ryker sat beside the pool wall, eyes closed and chest bare.

His arms are inside the water with him, not spread like the other time.

She can't see the frozen sword tattoo behind him cos the ice covered it, and it covered every visible part of his bare upper body too.

He looks frozen completely just like Sage said. A blue halo covered the spot he sat in.

"Moy Vladika" Shayla mouthed with urgency, lifting her legs. She rushed to the pool entrance.

She slipped her fluffy shoes away and dropped herself into the water. 

It's madly cold at first, but it didn't last a second.

She moved forward, walking in the pool. It reached her chest as she's not so tall.

The water did large swirls, reacting to her intrusion. It made loud rumbling noises and popped blue bubbles as she moved close.

The blue halo thickened, but Ryker never moved, till she got to him.

At first, she didn't even know where to touch or start from.

A simple touch won't solve this problem. He's far too frozen that it's scary to her.

She lifted her hand to touch his pretty face.

The coldness she felt made her gulp. 

How's he holding all that in?

There's only one way, and she didn't even think twice before going for it.

She slid her hands under her dress, lifting it up above her waist.

Slowly, she peeled the dress away from her body, leaving her in a thin white underwear and lace panties.

Their skins will be closer this way.

She moved closer again, taking his head and gently bringing it to her shoulder. She wrapped her arms around his body.

She wrapped her legs on him underwater too, rubbing her fingers on his skin, dragging it slow and steady. She rested her lips on his neck and placed her chin on his shoulder.

Her eyes went shut, too.

"Moy Vladika...can you feel me?" She whispered in a hush, moving her lips up to his right ear.

"Hmm? Can you? I'm here for you. I won't leave till you stir. Give me a sign." She whispered again.

Her arms went tighter around his body, and her fingers caressed slower, gentler.

The water went silent around them, just the sound of her soft whisperings and her fast breathings.

"Please... Cheyenne will hate me again if I leave this place without you waking up. Lord Ryker..."

He's getting warm. She could feel the change in his skin temperature.

She pressed her thumb to the back of his neck, drawing the rest of her fingers down his smooth face.

"Open your eyes... open up. Please."

Her lips moved back to his neck, then it pressed down his skin again, warm and tender.

"Wake up... Pretty demigod." She added to her soft whisperings, and at that same moment, she felt a slight stir from him. 

It was almost nonexistent, but she felt it. It was there, and she felt his lashes stirring, too.

His breath fanned her skin suddenly, and before she knew it, his large arms curled wholly around her body.

A cold gasp spilled from her mouth.

"You're always so loud, Firefly." His deep voice echoed through the waters.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 29&30

My plan: to post throughout this week. Y'all can muddle that by messing with the engagement anyday. I won't hesitate before going off.

Let's make up for the lost days and cover up this week, y'all.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share. Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow.

#Unedited
★

Was that the wind?

Definitely has to be the wind, cos ain't no way Ryker would speak that casually to her after she entered his sacred pool.

His large arms is even around her, too. He hugged her back? Why isn't he tearing her apart instead?

Last time she entered this Groove without even stepping into the pool, he killed her if not for the entrance of Cheyenne, now she entered the pool and he's talking this simply?

She unwrapped her legs from his body, and her arms fell from his skin. She slipped her shoulder away from the weight of his head, moving away from him.

She made sure there's a large gap between them before she looked up, her eyes catching the deep darkness of his own.

He looks the same, but the ice is gone from his skin. Now that she's seeing him up close, she wasn't wrong about the most attractive parts of his body.

His fingers are hella fine. Also, his skin is richly clean. That's expected from someone who stays cold and iced most of the time. He's unconventional.

When she realized how long she has been ogling shamelessly for, she pushed her wet hair away from her face, and her face went down.

"I heard you were sick, and I heard my warmness could help, so I offered to come share it with you. Cheyenne and Sage allowed me in here, I didn't come without permission so don't hurt me like the last time."

She could hear the tremble in her own voice as she talked.

"I was sick?" Ryker's voice attacked that statement immediately. She looked up to see the glare on his face, and it's obvious he took offence.

Is that not the right word?

"I...I heard you were freezing. Yeah, freezing." She quickly corrected.

"I might have to give you the list of words to use and to not use around me, Firefly. I'm never sick, even in my weakest moments, no one in this city or beyond can defeat me. I'm not some useless furry puppy." He continued, and Shayla found herself smiling inwardly.

Of course, that's more like him. He's very arrogant, and he doesn't even try to hide it.

She snapped out of t when she remembered she's wearing only a thin underwear and lace panty.

Her eyes went down her chest, and she let out another gasp at what she saw.

Her small nîpples are puckering through the thin material of the underwear.

She looked around to find her dress floating not far from her, and she walked there quickly.

The pool whirled turbulently around her till she arrived, but before she could pick up the dress, it drowned.

She dipped her hand underwater, but she found nothing.

"Where did it go?" She asked herself, her breathings irregular as she dipped her hand underwater again.

"I've never been a fan of lousy colour pink, Cheyenne must be out of her mind to pick out this dress for you." Ryker's voice said behind her, causing her head to shoot up.

He's with the wet dress, holding it up and giving it a stare of disapproval.

How did that even get to him?

"That's mine!" Shayla pointed. 

By now, the pool water has plastered her underwear to her skin, the whole shape of her breàsts has been carved temptingly on her chest.

"I know," Ryker faced her. 

She gulped, covering her chest with her arms.

"You were all-over me some moments ago, whispering intimate things to wake me up, and now that I'm up, you're suddenly shy?" His head angled, a smirk trying hard to pull his lips down.

"That was because you were freezing! Now that you're alright, I need my dress back." She pointed her palm forward, using her second hand to brush her wet hair back.

Darn, she'd have to find a band to tie this stupidly long hair. She's not used to long hairs. 

When we was still in the Dark Room, her head was shaved every year, so her hair has never grown longer than shoulder level, but now it's reaching the middle of her back which she's not comfortable with.

"Here, come get it." Ryker pointed the dress at her, water dripping from it back to the now steamy pool.

She looked at the dress, then at his mischievous face. No one knows what he's thinking with that foxy head of his, it's hard to pinpoint.

Nevertheless, she moved to him, but he dropped the dress back in the water before her hand could touch it, and he grabbed her wrist instead.

She was with him again in another before she could talk, and she had to use her hand to push his chest so her own won't slam on it.

She looked up, their eyes meeting with a ferocity she can't plot.

"Did you wonder how your wounds healed? How your face lost all scars, how your hair regained healthiness and how you have so much vitality coursing through you?" He whispered, surprising her.

Ryker is whispering?

"I...yes. I was—"

"Don't stutter, it's boring. Aren't you always so bold with me?" He interrupted, his hold on her fragile wrist so tight that she feared it might break into two.

"I was told you healed me, and I was planning to say thank you." She said, looking up at his face again to hold eyes with him, boldly.

"Good. Get stronger, your warmness is becoming insufficient. You have to get stronger and reveal your fire mark on your own. Accumulate more warmness." He told her directly.

"Am I really...your partner? Is that why I didn't freeze when everyone froze last time? Am I a demigoddess like Sage said?" She blinked.

"Does it sound good to your ears?" He stares deeper. She blinked again.

"I just thought...I should ask."

She looked down, but his second hand went below her chin. He held it firmly like an egg, forcing her face back up.

"You look at me whenever we're conversing." He said seriously.

"Yes sir...I mean...yes, Moy Vladika." She said, unable to fight her own nervousness.

His hands on her wrist and chin is making her heart pound with fear.

A smile lingered on Ryker's lips at her silliness, but Shayla didn't get to see it before it dissipated.

"You're to stay in my tower from now on. You can't go out without Cheyenne or Sage, and the only person who's allowed to come see you is Xena. I'll make an exception since you both formed a rapport."

She smiled brightly. "Really?"

"And stay away from every member of the family, including Jojo." He said.

"But she's not bad, she's—"

She stopped talking when she saw the unrelenting glare on Ryker's face.

"I'll stay away." She said quickly.

He let go of both her chin and wrist, and she quickly took her dress from the water. She slipped it on easily.

At the same time, they both heard a loud crashing sound from the tower, their eyes went that direction.

"What's going on?" Shayla muttered.

"Go back to the tower, and stay in the room you woke up in." He instructed.

Shayla didn't argue.

She just nodded and walked out of the pool, slipping her shoes back on before rushing away.

Ryker made sure she was already so gone before lifting his left palm to look at the two cut wounds.

Shayla's warmness might have healed his freezing coldness, but it did nothing to heal his internal wound, and that's why the cuts are still there.

The crash they heard earlier means the family is here to tackle him in his weak state. 

He expected this.

He walked out of the pool, grabbing his robe jacket from the side.

--

[Tower, Center Space]

There's just Sage and Cheyenne in front of the Millions Family clansmen.

Azura and Zeke are the only direct family members among them. There's no children or Granny Jojo.

"Are you both willing to die in place of your master?" Azura said proudly, raising her chin and shoulders.

"Attacking when he's weak just shows how feeble you are. Why not come when he's on all prowls?" Sage spat.

"Handover the partner, and this fight won't happen. We might take you both in as one of the royal guards since you're from reputable family of Knights anyways, and as for Ryker himself, he'd be dying with his partner the moment we split their FrostOrb and FireStone." Zeke smiled, his pride matching Azura's.

"Such heavy arrogance, and you both are still drawing power from his FrostOrb to survive. Whatever is making you think you can actually take the partner away from this place today has to be the most foolish thing ever! It isn't even the start of the heat yet, so stop getting ahead of yourselves. Two old fools." Cheyenne insulted.

Azura flashed a sudden thunderbolt at her, and Cheyenne was flung to the wall, but she stood her ground, wiping the slim line of blood from the middle of her lips.

"Is that all you've got, Azura? Your thunder ability that's useless unless you eat souls? Pathetic." She laughed.

It was Zeke who retaliated to that speech. He plowed at the metal wall behind Cheyenne, and the metal went in, pulling Cheyenne inside the wall, but Sage intervened.

He dragged Cheyenne away from the closing wall and rolled the two of them over the sleek ground.

The wall lost Cheyenne, so it took one of the clansmen instead, drawing him inside before closing up like a mouth.

"There's a mark of death on the partner's body, I'm sure you've seen it, so it's either you hand her over and let her die for a good cause at least, or you both and your master dies with her." Azura declared.

"Funny how you think a demigoddess aura will bow to the mark of a lowly banshee." Sage laughed. "She might not possess the mark yet, but she's not going to bow!" 

He removed the bracelet on his wrist, and it grew longer to his rope. 

Cheyenne's long nails grew, too.

"Well then...as you wish." Zeke nodded at his wife and the rest of the clansmen. 

They attacked the knights, two against a large number. 

The fight was tough, relentless.

Thunder cracked from Azura.

Grounds broke with Zeke's powers.

The rest of the clansmen stood in a circled formation, protecting the couple from the hits of the knights.

It's Azura against Cheyenne, Sage against Zeke.

Azura sent the third thunder strike to Cheyenne, and she laughed when Cheyenne fell on the ground again, getting wounded on the ribcage.

"What was your motivation before you decided to face me?" Azura asked, the mock so heavy.

"The fact that you won't be leaving this place with the partner. Moron!" Cheyenne groaned, pushing herself up from the ground and leaping to the air so fast.

Azura did the same, summoning her thunder again, but she wasn't so lucky this time.

Cheyenne's nails met her back, the nails venom sank deep into her flesh as it peeled.

She staggered in the air, blood soaking her robe.

"Azura!" Zeke yelled from the ground, but Sage didn't give him the chance to leapt up.

He threw his rope at Zeke's neck like a noose, pulling it from behind and nearly taking his head away from his neck. The rope left venomous imprints on his neck.

The clansmen strengthened their formation, and Azura fell from the sky to the ground.

She gave Sage a merciless dash, and he unwillingly let go of Zeke.

Zeke sped to Azura's side, both conjoining their abilities. Their eyes lost all white, it turned dark with the lids, and the skies rumbled angrily.

"They're going to conjure acid rain?" Sage muttered.

"Cowards!!" Cheyenne yelled, but none of them ran.

The rule is not to ever run no matter how hard the trial is.

Help will always come, and help indeed came cos the dark clouds suddenly brightened.

The weather cooled down,  Azura's thunders stopped. The tower turned silent except for the rumble coming from the dark skies.

"My Lord?" Sage and Cheyenne chorused, and he answered with his domination appearance.

Ryker stood midair, looking casual in his bathing robe which is getting blown by the morning air.

The moment he landed on the ground and waved his hand, the acid rain started, pouring only in the clansmen side of the tower.

They didn't escape. They began melting away like plastics in scorching blaze. 

"What do you think you're doing!" Zeke yelled.

"Exactly what you were planning to do to my knights before I arrived. You don't like tasting your own cup of tea?" Ryker smirked.

"You abomination of nature!" Azura spat, summoning a strike together with her husband.

Ryker dodged, but it wasn't fast enough. He got slightly hit, and his head lurched forward weakly. His lips turned slightly pale.

"Lord Ryker!" His knights chorused fearfully, but he dispelled their worries immediately.

He turned back, throwing a pile of thorny ice at the couple.

It split into two, going for each of them. Azura escaped her share, but Zeke didn't.

The ice thorn delved into his belly, and he went down, rolling bloodily on the ground till a pillar took the weight of his body, stopping him.

"Zeke!" Azura slipped to him, bending beside his bleeding body to hold him.

"Zeke!!"

He was already bleeding profusely, and he's not even talking despite the fact that his eyes are open.

Azura looked behind and saw every clansmen they brought had been melted down by the acid.

She bit herself hard before looking at Ryker who looks madly unapologetic.

"This isn't over, Ryker Morozov." She told him in a tone that says it really isn't over.

She carried Zeke's body and vanished into the morning.

"Their clansmen were too much, I think. And that's why they decided to come waste the lives of some of them here." Sage said, taking a look at the melted bodied on the ground.

"My Lord!" Cheyenne turned back with him, and they ran back to Ryker who's still standing where he is.

"My Lord, are you ok?" Sage asked, his concern glued to his eyes.

Ryker held his chest, and their eyes widened when he spat out blood.

"Why is it still like this? The ice is gone from your skin!" Sage said.

"Must be the internal wound. That one won't heal unless his palm wounds heal." Cheyenne said.

"Then we have to act fast and find solutions. No one can know he's wounded internally till we solve this. Else, they'd take the opportunity to do their deeds." Sage said.

"How weak do you think I really am?" Ryker faced him with a angry glare, and his head went down.

"I don't mean it that way, I'm just too worried. If they take her, then it's over." Sage said.

"No one's taking her. She can step out once a day, and Xena is allowed to come visit her here after thorough inspection." Ryker said.

"Understood." Cheyenne said.

"Do you really know where Xena's lifeline is?" Sage asked, and Ryker's hard eyes met with his own.

"Eternus had a heart to heart chat with you both?" 

"We just want to know the truth. If you know where her lifeline is, it means we can actually leave this palace without issues, but you're not trying to do that, which means you're after something in his palace. What could that be?" Cheyenne asked.

"Later today, we're visiting Liza, her mother." He said, ignoring her question.

They went quiet.

"And no one is to interrupt my rest session. I'll be at the Phoria." He said.

"Not even her is allowed to come see you?" Cheyenne asked.

"I said no one." Ryker stressed hard on the last word.

"And clean this melted mess." He pointed at the acid rain victims before vanishing off.

"Heard that?" Cheyenne faced Sage.

"Not even Tiny is allowed to come see him at his Phoria, cos I know you. You'd want to send her there at any slight opportunity." 

"I thought you were starting to like her?" Sage scoffed.

"She's my master's partner, so I'm still trying to like her. The process is still ongoing." She replied, walking off.

"Can you be less intimidating?" Sage went after her with a smile.

--

[Shayla's Room]

Before Shayla even arrived back in her room earlier, her pink dress already dried up, thanks to her body warmth.

She sat in her new room, following Ryker's instructions. 

She was there throughout the fight, and though she didn't witness the fight, she knows Ryker won, which is why she's still here, breathing.

She's by the window of the room, and just like the room at Granny's place, this room has a wind chime by the window too, this one is pure gold. 

There's a really fancy dreamcatcher too, and she hasn't been able to stop touching both. She's in love with them.

She has been trying to calculate just how many billion treasures are in this room alone, talk more of the whole tower. It's too wealthy.

What kind of job does he do that he's as filthy-rich as this? 

She just doesn't get it.

Also, if she's the partner, does that mean they might get entangled romantically in the future?

That thought made her slap herself, and she blinked back to the present.

Romantically? With Ryker? That god looks like he doesn't even know what romance is, and her?

She has no idea too, what would she probably know?

She sighed out and left the room, using the door she sighted at the left exit. She found herself in an orchard, and couldn't blink as she checked it out. There are various fruits trees.

Apple, plums, tangerines, even berries.

If she had a long stick, she'd have loved to have an apple, but she didn't want to overdo, so she gave up.

Luckily, there's a swing chair in the middle of the trees, she sat on it and began swinging herself softly.

She didn't last at Granny's side, what if she doesn't last here too?

What if one day she does something to really annoy  him, and he hurts her so much or even kills her?

That thought made her hold her chest. The imagination of his anger is dangerous, and it made her scared.

He told her to get stronger, that her warmness is becoming insufficient.

Does that mean she's supposed to be warmer than this for him, but her hidden mark is stopping that?

The mark is really doing a good job hiding her powers. Who'd have known she's a goddess.

Maybe she'd ask Cheyenne for power practices? That's if the wicked lady would even agree.

"Shay!!" The unmistakable hyper voice broke into the orchard.

She stood from the swing chair.

"Xena!" She shouted back.

Xena sprinted towards her, and her eyes turned wide when she saw her.

"Wait...are you real? Are you really my friend? What happened to you!"

"What do you mean? Is there something on my face?" Shayla touched her face gently.

"You look mad different! From the hair, to the skin, to the dress. You smell nice too! Did you get reborn?" Xena said, her shock palpable.

Shayla smiled.

"It's your brother...he did some things and I woke up to see myself like this. They said I'm his partner."

"I heard about it in the palace and I was doubting, so it's real? Omg!" Xena  jumped twice.

"There's a lot of stories" Shayla said.

"Tell me everything! And I have plenty gists too!" Xena sat with her on the swing chair.

"Gists on?" 

"I nearly got raped." Xena said.

"What!"

--

[Main Castle, FrostOrb Hall]

Azura set Zeke down on the table when she arrived.

The ice thorn is inside him, and it's not even melting. It's not gonna melt unless Ryker decides to let him go.

Zeke isn't gonna wake up till it melts.

Despite the fact that Ryker went to face shadow wraiths in the condemned land, he's still that strong? Was the wraiths resentment not enough to weaken him?

She's trying her best to understand how he works, but it seems he's smarter than everyone here, and it's not making any sense.

They took him from his mother the day he was born, they killed his mother and brought him here with his father and sister. They watched him grow powerful, so why is he still so closed off and unrideable?

Why is he still hard to grasp?

She looked at the FrostOrb, and she felt a sharp tang of pain from her back, remembering how Cheyenne's nails wounded it.

She cussed under her breaths, then she healed herself with the orb, casting out the venom.

She healed Sage's rope venom from Zeke's neck too, but that's all she can do for him.

He can only lay here and absorb power from the orb so he won't fall in coma. She'd have to find away to bring him back to consciousness.

His Channeler Shell shone in his pocket, and she brought it out...

"Who's it?" She spoke into it, but no voice came. The shine on the the shell stopped.

"Who was that?" She muttered.

"My Lady!" Two guards came inside, holding Jude tight.

There are several nails on his body, and on his face. He's barely alive.

"Jude!" Azura nearly fell. "Jude!!"

"He appeared in front of the castle and lost consciousness. Judging by thick the dark aura surrounding him, he probably went to the land of the condemned using his soul as collateral to enter." Lilith said, entering the hall.

"What!!" Azura staggered.

--

[Granny's Chamber]

Jojo sat in front of her mirror, but she's not doing anything.

Not communicating with her shadow or trying to learn techniques from her reflection.

She's just lost in a haze, and her mind is refusing to leave how Ryker had shot her last night.

She's well aware that she hasn't completely earned his trust. 

Ryker doesn't anyone.

He doesn't even trust his knights, so why would he trust her, a Granny of the Millions Family?

He works alone, and his plans are only known to him.

The kindness he showed her were all fake with no crumbs of sincerity underneath.

But one thing is for sure, she has never taken him for granted, and she really loves him sincerely more than her grandchildren.

She'd never betray him. Staying still and not fighting for Shayla was because her fight would have amounted to nothing.

She's not even as strong as the twins, not to talk of Azura and Zeke.

"Granny?" Pearl came out of the inner chamber, leaning on the wall to keep her legs steady on the ground.

Jojo turned around to her.

"I heard from some passing guards that my parents were defeated by Ryker. Isn't it so sweet to hear? Their defeat?" She said.

"Weren't you boldly providing information about his partner at the family meeting?" Jojo stood.

"That's because I want her gone. You don't even understand me." Pearl scoffed, finding a chair with her hands. She took her seat.

"You want her gone, so you lied that she took you out? How were you able to get a phone to upload yourself on the lumi web that fast if not that you've been planning this for a long time, and she's just a tool you wanted to use!" Jojo said.

Pearl stood back.

"Lilith said you once took that slave in here like your daughter, are you seeing me like her replacement? A slave replacement? I am Pearl Millions, might be blind but still a member of this family! Did you forget?" She seethed.

"Pearl!" Jojo snapped.

"I want the demigod! If it means sacrificing my soul to get my sight back just to see that handsome face and kiss his fingers, then I'd do it! You don't even know the arousing wet dreams I get about this man so shut up if you have nothing beneficial to say!" Pearl shouted.

"Oh...girl. You've gone insane." Jojo muttered.

--

[City, Vega Mansion]

It's 6pm, and Mercury just finished dressing up.

She's going to be visiting the Lumi park with the twins and several dancers from the ballet school will be coming, it'd be fun.

Been a while since they last had fun together, and she's eager.

She dressed to kill, making sure her skirt is shorter than normal. Her makeup is hot tonight, too. And her bóobs are popping out of her bra cups. Many necklaces rested on it, and her earrings are big.

All for Soren.

She sprayed herself, and she had a look in the mirror, making sure it's all too much before leaving the room.

By the door, she got a call from Sadie, and she picked excitedly.

"Hey, bestie. Are you at the amusement park already?" 

"Yeah, and I think they're going to turn it to a party or something. Be fast, I and Soren are already waiting. Also, the idiots from West Palace are here... I'm talking about Blaise and Faye. I'm not seeing Kade the bastard anywhere but I'm sure he's coming. You know the night will be fun already, don't forget the ashes." Sadie said all at once and hung up.

"Yes! I've not had fun since long. It's finally time." Mercury gleamed, walking past the study where her mother Esme is standing.

"Your dress is everything. I love it." Esme smiled.

"Thanks mother, don't feel lonely without me. Will be back before daybreak." Mercury kissed her cheek before exiting the house.

Esme sat on the sofa, her right leg going over the left one as she took a glass of wine, staring at her Channeler Shell on the table.

"Why waw she the one who talked on his shell earlier? Is he ok?" She wondered worriedly.

--

[East Palace, Heartless Tower]

After talking for what looks like forever and ever, Xena was ready to leave the tower at past 6 to go cook dinner, and Shayla was rumbling as she prepared to take her leave.

"I'm sure there are lots of things to play with in this tower, it's full of treasures anyways. You'll see me tomorrow morning." Xena said.

"Fine, tommorow morning it is." Shayla let go of her hand.

"By the way, you haven't mentioned your twin sister's name before." Shayla said.

"Rumi. Her name's Rumi, and we look exactly the same, except she has blonde hair." Xena replied, then she left the tower.

"Rumi? Xena? Doesn't sound like twins name though." Shayla said to herself as she returned inside.

She could feel the emptiness and silence immediately.

If Cheyenne or Sage are in here, she'd feel the aliveness instead, but this place feels dead right now, meaning even Ryker isn't around.

Where did they go?

She took a tour around the visible parts of the tower for five times, and when she got tired, she went to the kitchen and picked a huge bar of osmanthus candy from the freezer.

She has no idea what it is, but she opened it and ate one. She liked it immediately.

She came back outside, sitting by the orchard and eating the candies one by one, melting the taste in her mouth.

But most importantly, where did Ryker go? This loneliness is heavy.

If his face is around, he'd surely be his intimidating self, but at least he talks to her, so is it safe to say she wants him here?

If he's still not back by the time she eats every of this candy, then she'd go have her bath and sleep. So she waited.

By the door.

--

[City, Kings Mansion]

The news of Shayla's survival hasn't reached the city. Everyone is still under the belief that she's dead, but Liza could feel her healthiness.

She's her mother anyway, and there's a thin string connecting them together, so she could feel that she's fine, and that's why she's able to eat this evening.

She had a small sip from her vinegar tea, and her phone screen lit up on the table. She picked it up, it's her manager.

"Yes?"

"The voting poll for the most beautiful woman in Luminaria is out tonight in preparation for the Feast, and as usual, Esme Vega is the first to register before others. Do you want to contest with her again this year?" The manager asked.

Liza paused, looking at her flashy pink nails.

She's the first woman to start using this adult flashy nails style, but Esme stole the inspo, and she's shamelessly claiming rights.

Esme is a thief, not only good at stealing her styling ideas, but also good at stealing men.

She's in a secret affair, she can't just prove it yet. She's very sure Esme is dating someone's husband.

And this year's contest? Maybe it's time to make a difference.

"Register for me, I'm going against her again." She told the manager and hung up flat.

The moment she dropped the phone, Kade appeared on the chair beside hers.

He has been upstairs, dressing up for the amusement party.

He took her teacup and was about to have a drink from it when three other presence joined them in the house, and they both rose to their feet, looking overly stunned.

Ryker and his knights stood by the door, their presence so powerful that Liza quickly went on her knees, interlinked her fingers in a respectful kowtow.

"My Lord."

"You already know why I'm here." Ryker spoke calmly, but there's a lotta danger under that tone.

"Will you start talking, or should I give you a reason to talk? Cheyenne can can flay your facial skin and hang it on your gate to dry." he continued.

Cheyenne sighed behind him.

"And Sage can snap your neck without lifting a finger." He said. 

Sage smiled, and Liza gulped thrice—one after the other, her fingers are badly shivering.

"I don't have to touch you to torture you, and you know, but I just thought of awakening your brain." Ryker sat on the edge of a couch, staring down at the woman on her knees like she's an ant he could end her life under his shoe soles.

"My Lord!!" Kade suddenly fell on his knees too, his eyes full of respect like he just met his mentor.

"The 150 billion slave is her daughter, and she's your partner! Mother hired a spell caster to hide her mark! I've been wanting to meet you to tell you this just so you could kill her, but when I heard she has been sent to the land of the condemned, I was overjoyed that the slût is finally gon......."

Kade couldn't say more, cos he bit his tongue, but it wasn't a mistake. Ryker made him do it.

He was bleeding from the mouth before he knew it, and Sage grabbed him by the hair, bringing his face to the dinning table where he slammed it down on the glasswares.

More blood, but Kade couldn't even cry. In fear, he covered his mouth with his palm.

"Fuckwit! You do not interrupt him when he's talking!" Sage crashed Kade's head on another set of glassware, harder.

"Please.... please!!" Kade begged loudly, finally finding his voice. His blood cascaded into his mouth.

Liza is still down, trembling.

Ryker is still sitting, calmly. Cheyenne is still behind him, impatiently.

"I really hired a spell caster to hide her mark cos I was scared! I was scared you were going to kill her the moment you knew her identity! She might be a product of rape, but she's still my daughter. I'm sorry...I didn't mean to offend your lordship!" Liza talked, shaking her head as she fearfully looked at Ryker's poker face.

"The spell caster, who was it? Who cast the spell to cover the mark?" He asked without stress.

Liza lifted herself slightly on her knees, her damp palms going to her laps to stay.

"I haven't seen her since then, but her name was Rumi. Rumi Morozov." 

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright © 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 31&32

My plan: to post throughout this week. Y'all can muddle that by messing with the engagement anyday. I won't hesitate before going off.

Let's make up for the lost days and cover up this week, y'all.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share. Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow.

★

[Kings Mansion]

Ryker and his knights left about a minute ago, and the lost peace is starting to crawl back into the abode.

Liza is currently smoothening her nightwear. She's thankful that he didn't kill her.

For someone known for his blood-spilling kink, she's lucky to still be alive.

She strolled down the living room and had a seat, at the same time she's still trying to calm her shaky nerves.

She could still feel him in this house after he's gone. Just how strong is his goddamn presence?

Kade is still by the ruined dinning table, trying to heal his broken head, but no amount of energy is enough to do it. It's like Sage poisoned the wound, so it won't be easy to close.

He kept sniffling as he wiped blood from the surface of the wound, repeatedly with a piece of cloth.

"He doesn't want her dead? How!!!" He suddenly yelled, dumping the piece of cloth.

"If he kills his partner and steals her FireStone to merge with his own FrostOrb inside him, that's the only way for him to attain stage 3 of his powers! That's the only way he'd become truly untouchable!"

"That is the only way for him to ascend to the Nine Heavens and live forever as a Celestial Being! You once told the story so I know it! But what? He's not interested in killing her? He's not interested in that insane power? It's a lie! There must be something stopping him. He must be planning something, it's a damn lie!" 

He was panting as he spilled the words out of his itching throat, his tongue and head bled more.

"Save your strength, Kade, your wounds won't heal unless you calm your arteries and veins, you're poisoned." Liza cautioned from the living room.

"Zip it, mother! How do you expect me to move on from this?" Kade stalked to the living room, pulling her up from the couch.

"I've been waiting for this day all my life, waiting to meet him face-to-face and tell him who the wretched partner is, but I got disappointed. There has to be another way, I and your daughter can't coexist, especially now that she'd be known as the demigoddess. I can't take that!" 

"Do you only hate her because she's your stepsister? Or is there another reason to your blind hatred for her when she did absolutely nothing wrong to you?" Liza said.

Kade plowed her back to the couch with a very rough push. Her toes got wounded by the soles of his boots.

"Kade..." She looked up at him, her eyes streaked.

"If one day it gets out that the product of rape is my stepsister, you have no idea how my pride would be hurt! She won't be the reason I lose my status in this city. If the demigod won't kill her, I'll do it myself!"

With that declaration, he picked the bloodstained piece of cloth back from where he had dropped it, then he stormed out of the house.

Liza rearranged her hair, letting out a sigh. She turned on the humidifier on the table and relaxed on the couch.

'Rumi, you better hide well. You can't lift the spell till the day we both discussed. You can't let your brother catch you till then. This is the only way I can get my power back, and the only way my daughter can survive on her own' she thought.

She shut her eyes.

--

[East Palace, Heartless Tower]

Ryker descended with his knights at the entrance, and as they walked through the hall railings together, he he received questions as expected.

"Why can't you lift the mark cover  spell by yourself?" Sage asked.

"I was about to say that. We now know why Rumi has been running, and there's a great probability that she might be another villain. You should lift the spell yourself." Cheyenne added.

"Each god to his own power, I have power over my ice, not her fire.
I haven't ascended to the Nine Heavens, there's still limitations to my powers." Ryker replied without stopping his walk. Their steps followed behind him.

"You have no power over her fire, but Rumi does?" Sage asked.

"Rumi didn't seal her powers," Ryker stopped to face them at this point.

"She only covered the mark, but unluckily, that mark is the key to her powers. Without it's appearance, she's just an ordinary mortal with slight warmth." He explained.

"Then finding Rumi won't be easy. I dunno why she agreed to cover the mark in the first place, but something tells me it's not a good reason." Cheyenne said.

"More reason to protect the partner. There are too many eyes on her." Sage nodded.

"Return to your quarters for the night." Ryker ordered.

They didn't argue. With synchronized bows, they left the hallway.

Ryker resumed his journey to his Phoria. That's the name of his resting place in this tower.

His walk came to a sudden halt when he saw a scene by the door of the orchard.

Shayla sat there on the treasure polished ground, body leaning against the wall and her hand holding the osmanthus candy pack. 

She must have fallen asleep while eating them, and thanks to the warmness of her body, the candies are already melting.

Ryker completed his stride, stopping in front of her peaceful image. 

He stared down at her for longer than he could calculate, then he took his seat beside her.

He stared ahead for just one second before his eyes returned to her own, and he smiled faintly.

He took the melting candy gently from her palm. It has left grease on her skin, and it's glossing.

He set the candy pack beside himself, making sure it made no noise before he returned his gaze to her again.

Even in her sleep, he could hear her stomach rumbling, meaning she didn't eat dinner yet.

That rumble made her lashes stir, and her eyes fluttered open, drowsy at first but not for long.

They brightened up so much when she saw him, and she smiled instantly. "You're back"

"There's a bed in your room" he replied without taking his eyes away from hers, and she blinked once.

"I didn't sleep here on purpose. I was waiting for you cos I felt lonely alone here, and I didn't know when I slept off." She said with a little bite to her bottom lip.

"Are you angry about it?"

"That's a feeling I'm not ready to share tonight." He replied, pointing two fingers forward.

Additional lights came on in that hallway immediately, showering them both with more brightness.

Shayla stood, staring up at them with pleased eyes. The lights seemed to lighten her mood even more, and her happiness showed in the way her lids refused to flutter.

"They're so beautiful. I've never seen many lights at once all my life. You're so cool, My Lord."

"What's cool about excess lights?" He replied from where he's sitting, and she looked down at him.

"It's cool! You might have spent your days in total brightness, but in the dark room cage, there was no light. In the slaves hall corridor, there was only bleak dull lights. At Granny's place, she didn't like lights at all, so I'll cherish this one." She said, returning her eyes to the lights.

Ryker stayed quiet, he just watched her walking around and trying to touch the ray of lights which is impossible, so she chased with soft laughter.

Blue fireflies blinked into the hall, and Shayla stopped her ray chase, wondering where they came from.

They got so many that she could feel their blinking lights bathing her skin, a beautiful addiction to the numerous electric lights.

She faced Ryker who's still sitting there, and she smiled as she went back to sit beside him.

"Did you do it, the fireflies?"

"Who else would summon such beauties in this city?" He replied, and she smiled widely.

"So arrogant, it's a flex at this point" she muttered.

"I heard that." he replied, and their eyes met for the first time this night.

"Sorry, but you're really a bit arrogant, but it's cool." She said, maintaining their eye contact.

"Is everything about me cool to you?" He questioned.

"Yes" she replied without thinking.

"Even this?" He turned his face away, and by the time he looked at her again, his face is completely bloody.

"No!" She gasped. "Not this one!"

She shifted back once, but his hand grabbed her wrist.

He pulled her closer, making sure she's staring directly at that blood.

"Do you hate blood?" He asked, feeling her fear on his own skin.

She's starting to shake again.

"Yes... there's nothing... appealing about blood anyways." She stuttered.

"I told you..." He let go of her wrist and slid that arm around her waist, pulling her closer than before.

Her breaths hitched, and his second hand held her whole chin. Her lips flattened in the process.

"Do not stutter when you talk to me, Firefly." He said, voice gravelly.

"I'm trying...but the blood." She said gently, her chest pounding.

The blood wiped from his face, and she took a deep breath.

"What job do you do? Why are you so madly rich?" She asked straight.

"Where is that question coming from?" He smirked, letting go of her waist but still holding her chin.

"Curiousness." She replied in a crooked voice, her chin resembling an egg on his palm.

Her stomach rumbled for the second time, and she held it, her eyes drooping to his own.

"I don't have to cook, I'll just take fruits from the orchard. But there's nothing to pluck with." She said.

He let go of her chin and stood, making his way to the orchard.

"Are you going to get me some, My Lord?" She went after him with a short run, her forehead nearly colliding with his back.

Ryker only had to use magic, and the fruits fell from the tree in obeisance. She wanted apples and plums, and she got those two in large quantities.

Her hands are full of them as she sat on the swing chair, eating gently.

Ryker sat beside her, again. 

He just watched her eat, and the one time she looked at him, her eyes caught his palm. The cut wound is still not healing.

"Why!" She quickly grabbed the hand, spreading it to have a look.

She left her apple between her teeth as she checked.

"Just eat, and go to bed." He said, taking the palm from her, but she grabbed it again, holding it tight inside her own palm.

"My warmth might not do much for the wound, but it'd do something." She said, refusing to let go.

Ryker just let her hold on to it. She returned to eating her fruits with her second hand.

She ate three apples and two plums. She was on the fourth apple when that one fell from her hand.

She fell asleep again.

Ryker's eyes went back to her, studying her shortly.

"Durak." He muttered before lifting her from the swing chair into his strong arms.

The lights in the orchard were going out as he walked out of it, and when he arrived at the corridor, more lights kept coming on till he got to her room and set her in bed.

He closed his eyes, activating profound sight before opening them again, and he saw it.

Her FireStone.

It's inside her—right below her heart, but the fire burning on the body of the stone is small.

No wonder her warmth is minimal. That darn mark has to appear to activate this FireStone and her powers fully.

It's hightime he took Rumi's search serious. That troublemaker can't keep ruining things.

--

[Luminaria Amusement Park]

Just like Sadie predicted, it's a full-time party.

Each time a party happens involving dancers from the ballet school, it always ends in bloodshed and fights.

And that's exactly why the twins came. Things has been rowdy in the palace lately, blowing off steam here won't be bad.

Sadie is by the drinks stand, talking with the vendor who looks genuinely scared.

She dropped the small dose of dead ashes on his table, and she gave him a commanding look.

He picked it up.

"Drop that inside Kade King and Blaise Spectre's tea when they come for drinks." Sadie ordered.

"Yes, Grand Princess." The vendor bowed, and she gave him a nod before going back to join Soren and Mercury who're sitting under a large umbrella beside a merry-go-round.

Mercury is sipping soy milk, so she picked her own bottle too, stabbing the foil cover with a straw before starting to drink.

"Are you both like obsessed with soy milk?" Soren said.

"The day I became besties with Sadie, we drank it as our friendship bond drink, so we're obsessed." Mercury shrugged at him, wishing he'd just take a look at her chest, but he's not even looking at her face.

He looks bored here.

"So...the palace gist. What's going on? Tell me." She faced Sadie.

Sadie went out of her way to explain everything, and by the time she was done, Mercury's mouth hung open.

"You mean to tell me that slave is still alive, and not only that... she's the demigod's partner? And he really shot everyone just to get the pass to that place to save her? On top of that, he left Grand Supreme Zeke unconscious?" 

"Exactly, that's why I need to kill someone to drown out my stress. That bastard is stressing everyone out in the palace, and there'll be no stop to it till the Feast. I think father has a plan." Sadie shrugged.

"I'm so sorry bestie, must have been so hard." Mercury rubbed her shoulders, and Sadie sighed.

"I can't wait for the Feast. By the way, second audition for the newbies is tomorrow, and I heard from mother that two particular masked girls stood out during the first audition last week. It's possible that those two would be at the center." Mercury said.

"What!" Sadie slammed her milk bottle on the table.

"Your mother said only one person would be at the center, why changing tunes?" Soren talked, lifting his head from his phone.

"I dunno, she said the two are just too excellent to separate. She looked so thrilled when she was talking about them, and I can't even change her perspective. If we aren't at the center of the ballet, then what's the use of the Feast?" Mercury said.

"As if the happenings at the palace aren't enough, now I have to bear the pain of seeing someone else at the center? Bloody hell..." Sadie held her head with two hands.

She stood from her chair, the music pounding in her veins angering her more. "I need someone to punch. Soren, call the Old Chef. Xena has to come here right now." 

"I deleted his number, mistakenly." Soren replied, and Sadie took his phone, smashing it on the table with the rage of a storm.

"Why would you delete something that important? Why!!" She yelled, attracting attention from the people around them.

"Sadie, calm down." Mercury stood, bringing her back to her seat.

Soren was silent, so Sadie took a deep breath.

"I'm so sorry, Ren. I was just too angry." She apologized.

"It's ok, I'm used to your rage." Soren shrugged.

"They're here, the West Palace folks and Kade." Mercury suddenly said. 

Their heads moved with hers at the same time.

Faye, Blaise and Kade are sitting not far from them under a different umbrella. Seems they're just arrived cos they have no drinks yet.

"We only have to wait for the bomb." Sadie smiled evilly, signalling at the drinks vendor.

--

"What happened to your face? Who battered it this way? You look like a serial killer's experiment." Faye said as she settled with Kade and Blaise.

Blaise brought his dog along. He placed it on the table, and he kept his distance from Faye. That's what he has been doing since Faye wounded him with the vase that night.

It's very obvious Faye is more powerful, she has just been hiding it, and he won't want to fall victim again

"The demigod came to our house, and his male knight did this after I informed him of the 150 billion slave identity." Kade said.

"His male knight? You mean Sage?" Faye blinked.

"Why would Ryker come to your house in the first place?" Blaise asked.

"Because my mother is the slave's mot—"

Kade stopped himself before he could go further. He looked at the step-siblings and sighed before changing narrative.

"I dunno why he came to our house, probably to talk to mother about something confidential."

"And you told him who the slave is? Who's she?" Faye asked.

"His partner, the one he has been looking for." Kade replied.

"What!!!" Faye and Blaise chorused, sharing glances before looking at Kade again.

"You don't mean that, meaning the slave is still alive?" Faye gasped.

"Can someone get us drinks first? My throat is killing me." Kade sighed.

"I'll be right back." Blaise stood to go get the drinks, leaving Faye and Kade on the table.

"Since you seem more powerful than Blaise, why not try healing my wounded face? My tongue is wounded too." Kade said.

"Your wound is poisoned, how do you expect me to heal it?" Faye scoffed.

"You can tell it's poisoned just my glancing at it?" Kade blinked. "Who exactly are you?" 

"Faye" Faye giggled.

"Stop playing with me." Kade scoffed.

Blaise returned with the drinks, and as expected, he didn't buy for Faye.

He got three cups. One for Kade, one for himself, and one for his dog on the table.

Faye rolled eyes, getting her purse and taking out some nyx notes to go get her own drink.

As she's standing, the guys are drinking from their cups.

The moment she took a step away from that umbrella, she heard the guys coughing.

"What the hell is going —"

Her eyes widened, and her words died when she turned around to see the two of them crying blood.

The dog on the table is crying blood too, and that one is already laying flat. It looks dead.

The money fell from Faye, and she stumbled back to them fearfully, grabbing their shoulders with one hand each. She shook them.

"Blaise! Kade! The hell! Guys!!"

Meanwhile, under the opposite umbrella, the twins are already smiling, but Mercury is laughing loudly, they're enjoying this show.

"Now this is what I needed for a good night party!" Mercury clapped.

"Kade looks good with that blood in his eyes." Soren smiled.

"Blaise, I told you I was going to get back at you for using your stupid red hair on my eye, didn't I? Now is that payback time, enjoy!" Sadie palmed her cheeks.

Faye looked at them, her eyes widening more.

They definitely did this, and whatever poison they used must be so potent if it's as powerful as this.

She looked back at her own side, gasping, her eyes stretched again. The dog is already dead on the table, and the guys are already foaming from the mouth, ready to cross the bridge.

People gathered around, watching their last moments with smiles.

Everyone hates Blaise cos he's from the West Palace.

No one likes Kade cos he's the arrogant Liza's daughter.

It's all balanced.

"Guys!!!" Faye yelled.

"Just give up!" Sadie shouted across.

"In your dreams, witch!" Faye yelled back, positioning the dying guys on the same angle, side by side.

She looked at the surrounding crowd, but she threw away the shyness and attached her lips to Blaise's own.

She sucked out the poison from him first, and Blaise breathed back to life, then she did the same to Kade, sucking out his poison with a kiss too. 

She spat out the poison in form of two small scorpions.

The guys stood to their feet, looking shocked and spooked at the same time, their eyes never leaving Faye.

Even the crowd are shocked, especially the twins and Mercury.

Sadie could hear her own breathings, and her eyes are crazily wide.

"What just happened?" Soren muttered.

"Who exactly is this bîtch, Faye? What is she?" Mercury said.

Faye grabbed her purse and rushed out of the park.

"Faye!" Blaise and Kade went after her instantly.

Sadie swallowed.

--

[Same Night, East Palace~Soul Hall]

Azura had to carry Zeke's body out of the FrostOrb Hall.

She took him here, and Jude is also here, both still deeply unconscious.

Lilith went into the city at dusk to kill people and bring their bodies here.

Azura absorbed the multiple souls into Zeke and Jude's body, all in a bid to wake them up, but it's just not working.

There are twelve dead bodies on ground, all rotten and soulless.

After the twelfth attempt, Azura dropped on a sofa.

"You shouldn't give up." Lilith said beside her.

"You shouldn't even be here now, considering the fact that your darn mark didn't work on Shayla." Azura replied tiredly.

"My mark works, it just didn't work on her cos of her demigoddess status." Lilith replied, and that same time, one unfortunate guard came in to report something.

Lilith attacked him, bringing him to the ground with her scream.

She placed a palm on his head, and he was crying as the small red mark appeared there.

"In an hour." She whispered magically to his face.

The guard went still, and Lilith stood, going back to stand beside Azura.

In silence, they both watched, and in exactly an hour, the guard died there... cleanly.

"See?" Lilith faced Azura. "I'm not useless, so you should uphold your promise of giving my Ryker's last name. I'm getting impatient."

"Leave now, I need to rest. West Palace folks are coming tommorow to meet and discuss the Feast. After my son and husband wakes up, we can set a date for your secret wedding." Azura said.

"Better." Lilith smiled, leaving the hall after.

Granny Jojo came in, and Azura raised her head.

"I thought you'd never come. Your daughter's husband and your oldest grandchild got severely wounded by the bastard you cherish...you should do something about it." 

Jojo looked at the twelve soulless bodies on the ground, then her eyes went back to Azura.

"What do you want me to do?"

"Your mirror technique, mother." Azura came closer. "Communicate with your shadow in your mirror and find solutions. Zeke and Jude can't keep sleeping like this!" 

"I don't want to." Jojo smiled.

"What are you saying, mother!" Azura glared.

"Ryker did it to them, who am I to help with solutions? I can't believe Jude is as greedy as y'all too. I can feel the FrostOrb energy from him. In the end, there's no sane one among my grandchildren." Jojo said.

"When all of this is over, mother. I'll send you back to coma. Mark my words." Azura threatened.

"You're welcome to try" Jojo replied, leaving the hall.

"Arghhhh!!!!!!" Azura yelled frustratedly.

--

With happy strides, Lilith skipped her legs back to her room in the main castle. It's the last room.

She stopped by the door when she saw Pearl sitting on her bed, looking as poignant as ever.

"Pearl?" Lilith voiced.

Pearl traced her voice to get to her, she locked Lilith by the neck, bringing her to the wall to slam.

Lilith groaned in disbelief.

"I spent my years in the basement training myself. I might be blind and have no magic, but I have strength, and I can kill you if I want, so you better not lust over Ryker. I was in my room at the chamber when I heard some guards whispering about your likeness for him." Pearl said.

Lilith peeled her hand away from her neck, breathing hard.

"What is wrong with you? Who likes Ryker? Me? I'm trying to make friends with you and I know you like him, so why would I like him too?"

"You don't?" Pearl smiled.

"Cut the crap." Lilith rolled eyes, walking past her.

Pearl pulled her back roughly.

"Pearl!" Lilith gnarled.

"I heard Jude exchanged his soul just to get an entry pass to the land of the condemned, and I know he's still going to wake up cos mother will do anything possible to get his soul back." Pearl said.

"And?" Lilith frowned.

"Tell me where I can exchange my soul for my sight. I badly want to see Ryker's face. I don't mind losing my soul forever." Pearl said.

"What!" Lilith gasped.

Pearl held her tighter.

"You can't say no. I know you know where. You're a banshee, so you know things. Tell me where!" Pearl forcefully demanded.

Lilith stayed iron-faced for a minute, then she smiled.

"We need a soul shifter for that. There's one in the ballet school, meaning we have to visit the school tomorrow." 

"Cool, I'm ready." Pearl said.

--

[Next Morning]

At 10am, the clansman and people from the West Palace are already arriving for the meeting 

Kasia and Astor arrived with Winona, and they look more composed than they were the last time.

Though, Winona is stylishly looking around for any sign of Shayla cos according to Kade, she's still alive.

The West entered the palace with the East clansmen, including Granny Jojo.

As they're entering for the meeting, the twins came out of the palace.

They look anxious as they hopped in their cars at the park, eagar to get to school and confront Faye.

They drove out, and Xena emerged from the slaves kitchen.

It's Monday today, and she's supposed to go for the second audition with Shayla, but they had cancelled it.

Shayla isn't allowed to leave the palace at all, so it's impossible.

She went to the tower.

--

[Heartless Tower, Knights Quarters]

The heavy, groaning sounds of Cheyenne and Sage came from their practice room as they did their power practice.

They've been on it for hours. Actually since daybreak, but hey're still strong.

After the Grand Supreme and his wife nearly called acid rain on them yesterday, it'd be safer to hone their powers.

Not only the use of ropes or nails, but they're mastering the art of flying and levitation.

They're both in the air, striking each other relentlessly.

By the door, Shayla stood, peeping inside the room.

She has been watching since the start of this practice.

She's moving her hand, trying to follow their moves.

Two fingers if you want the strike to be mild, but full five fingers for a brutal hit. Fold the five fingers to choke without touching the person, and glare to seize voices.

They all look simple, but she doesn't even have the power to blend her new knowledge with.

"No wonder I've been sweating, what are you doing here?" Cheyenne came to her, sweating so much.

"I was only watching, by the way, can I do the power practice with you guys?" Shayla asked.

"You're going ahead of yourself again, Tiny." Cheyenne scoffed.

"Don't mind her, you can actually join us." Sage said.

"Shay." Xena joined them.

"You're done cooking breakfast?" Shayla faced her.

"Yeah, it's 10. Since we can't go for the second audition anyways, I came to spend time with you." Xena said.

"Who said you can't go to the second audition" Ryker's deep baritone voice entered the hall.

He approached with ease.

He ditched his robe today, he's wearing a loose shirt and smooth slacks, and he looks as divine as usual. Even more.

"Moy Vladika." Shayla smiled, his presence affecting her mood more than she could control.

She had woken up to meet herself on bed this morning, and it's definitely his handiwork which she doesn't want to question.

Can't be Cheyenne. Impossible.

Can't be Sage. That's somehow.

So it's definitely him.

"She can go for the second audition?" Cheyenne and Sage came out of the practice room, both looking confused with the suddenness.

"Prepare her dress." Ryker ordered Cheyenne.

Cheyenne looked at Shayla before nodding. "Yes, My Lord."

Ryker looked at Xena, and Xena smiled.

"Prepare something for her to wear, too. Sage." Ryker said.

"Me?" Sage blinked. "Fine, I'm a dress expert, lucky you!" 

"Come here." Ryker took Shayla's hand, trying all his best to be gentle.

"Where are we going?" She asked as she followed him, using her second hand to hold his robe.

"To get you bathed." He replied, and she pulled him to a sudden stop.

"You're not... bathing me... right?"

"Stop your wild imaginations, it's not time for them to come to pass yet. Don't put ideas in my head." He said coldly, and she gulped.

"Go wash up. Twenty minutes, Cheyenne will be with you." He said clearly.

"Ok. I will." She detached her fingers from him.

"No ok. Use your full words." He said.

"Yes. I will." She smiled before rushing back into her room.

Cheyenne and Sage went to the treasure clothing room, and they both got busy with picking out dresses for the girls.

"I can't get used to his mode of working. What the hell is he planning again by suddenly agreeing for her to leave the palace." Cheyenne said.

"Definitely something big, we'll just have to wait. He won't make a move without a tangible reason." Sage smiled.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School]

School isn't as silent as it was last week.

It's Monday, and the week started with sizzling gist from last night.

How Faye sucked poison out of Kade and Blaise so easily,, and the two masked dancers who're likely to be in the center of the Feast ballet.

It's a hot Monday.

Neither Kade nor Blaise or Faye are in school, but the twins and Mercury are in school already.

They're waiting for Faye to come and explain, and they're tapping their foot in front of the school building.

Also, the newbies who got picked for the second round of the audition are here too, so it's a full school.

At 12pm on the round dot, two cars skidded to rough halts in the park.

Faye came out of the first one, Kade and Blaise dropped from the second one.

"Finally." Mercury muttered hatefully.

"Faye, stop right there!" Sadie ordered, jumping down the long staircase of the school building.

Faye stopped, her face so deviant as she glared at Sadie.

"Explain how you were able to suck out that poison! Take a pen and paper, and explain!!" Sadie yelled demandingly.

The air became so acidic, the cold weather turned very hot. Tension covered the atmosphere.

Everyone converged around in circles as they watched what's going to really happen this morning.

Sadie approached the crosswalk cos Faye is standing on the other side of it, but the moment she made to cross, another car slid into the park.

A deep blue model, built only for the owner, fuckin new. 

Sadie almost got hit, but Soren teleported to get her out of the way, and they both tumbled to the ground.

The car stopped right in front of their fallen bodies, and there was silence for a bit of second.

Dead silence.

And then...the car backdoor flipped open...

A pair of shinny diamond-designed heels stepped out, in style.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright © 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 33&34

THE DEAL WAS CLEAR. "COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM" SO I'LL HAVE A REASON TO TYPE YOUR CHAPTERS AFTER COMING BACK FROM WORK EVERYDAY. 

SIMPLE, AND THERE ARE WAYS TO MAKE THAT FAST👇

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share. It's not a task.

Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow, or we break again.

★

Soren helped Sadie up, bringing her back to her feet.

Their four eyes are bulging in astonishment, but their smirks are unaffected as they awaited who's gonna come down from that car.

No doubt, today is the deathday of whoever it is.

Even Faye and her two boys are all attentive, wondering who's brave enough to almost knock the BIG Sadie down.

The students are all where they are, just that their attention has shifted to the luxury car, too.

"Who the hell is that?" Mercury joined the twins. "Whoever it is is begging for a fast death."

But the sight of the heels that emerged from the car made their morale drop at their feet.

The diamond-designed heels is nothing like ever seen before, and the reflection from the shinny stones caught the soft sun, sending sparks across the school walls.

Most students had to close their eyes quickly, and some covered their eyes with their spaced fingers at the risk of going blind.

Out of the car, came Shayla.

Simple but elegant in her bright yellow dress which shared the same shade with the glow of an angry fire. It's so bright. It's free and backless, but there are interconnected ropes at the low back, so her skin is sparingly out, and it's glowing.

Thanks to the tip of Cheyenne's sharp nails, her ears were pierced, and for the first time in her life, she wore earrings, small sapphire ones though.

Her other jewels are minimal, but they're all too luxurious that it feels illegal to see them for free. Her face matched the pristine glow of the rest of her skin.

From the other side of the car, Xena came out, looking pretty too in her off-shoulders black dress and enough jewelries to show.

Soren blinked slowly beside Sadie. Sadie is still not able to close her mouth.

Mercury looks so out of her wits, sudden anxiety descended on her as she began rubbing her own neck abnormally till it turned red.

"The slave?" Faye muttered.

"She's really the partner?" Blaise said, not blinking at all.

Kade is swallowing invisible lumps and saliva, he looks like his whole air supply system got stolen.

Actually, the girls stole the air of everyone. No one could voice out.

It got much worse when the driver's seat of the car swung open, and the alpha himself came down.

Ryker.

He took Shayla's hand, and her smile blossomed, his coldness calming her nervous nerves as he climbed the front staircase with her, entering the school building.

Her heels kissed the ground repeatedly with the rich crispy sounds.

As Xena followed behind them, her eyes caught Soren's from the crowd, but she was quick to throw her face away before entering building too.

The stolen air of everyone returned, and the sun dipped back into the clouds as if it only came out for the just completed scenario.

"Ok, that was insane!"

"Finee, she's pretty as hell. I can still smell her perfume!"

"Money can transform a duck to a peacock."

"The shoes are enough to buy all of my family mansions, like twenty of those big arse buildings."

"And the jewels? I'm gonna die. Does he manufacture them or what?"

"The richest man in this city with many treasure chests, it's not supposed to be shocking."

"But I'm still shocked, look at the car too. Who built that?"

"And the second girl? She's hot."

"That's his chef sister, Xena."

"You must be kidding!"

There are no stop to the shocked compliments and admirations. It grew noisier as the minutes whiled.

No one even noticed Sadie's anger.

"What just happened?" She muttered, finally finding her voice. Her pale face turned to Soren.

Soren couldn't talk.

"I'm still in awe, too. Have you ever seen me as speechless as this before?" Mercury said.

Sadie's eyes went down to her feet, and suddenly, she doesn't like the heels she's wearing anymore.

She took them off and flung them away to the crosswalk, then she snatched Mercury's phone.

"No slave or undeserving nameless thing can come here to disrupt the hierarchy or lower the bar! No amount of jeweling or panel beating can wash away the fact that she's a slave! I'm calling mother!" 

"For?" Soren asked.

"If the bastard insists on dumping her here, then Mercury, your mother will have to close this school down. Two boss can't rule an empire!" Sadie snarled venomously, storming into the school building too.

"Soren, what do we do?" Mercury faced him.

"Follow her lead. She's always the one with the rules." Soren replied, and they both followed Sadie.

"Damn, why am I somehow loving this shit." Faye muttered from across the crosswalk. There's a lean, sweet smile on her face.

"Let's see how the Diamond 3 are gonna cope with someone richer and with a more powerful backup. Sadie is so going to hang herself. Hot pepper coming." She clicked her tongue, nodding.

"What was that last night?" Blaise shifted closer to her, and her smile disappeared.

"I don't think you're in anyplace to talk to me. Your mouth stinks." 

"Keep telling that lie to yourself. You kissed me last night!" Blaise shoved her to a car, but she pushed him away, glaring hard.

"Yes, and I kissed Kade too, both to suck out your poisons." 

"You spat the poison out in form of two scorpions, and somehow, nothing happened to you. Look, I've seen series of insane powers in this city, but I've never came across your type before. What exactly are you!" Blaise demanded, and Faye laughed.

"I love that you're curious about me, and there's more to come. I know you hate getting curious, so you might just die while at it. And don't you dare touch me again." She gave him a deadly eye roll and left.

Blaise leaned on the car, his head is in shambles as he tried to figure it out, but nothing is coming.

He glanced at Kade who's still standing where he is.

"Is the slave entry shock still in your body?" He asked.

Kade didn't reply.

"Kade!" Blaise nudged him.

"Don't touch me!" Kade pushed him off, then he ran into the building.

"What is wrong with him?" Blaise scoffed, going inside as well.

The new development is still lingering around the school as another car stopped at the park.

Lilith jumped out, and she helped Pearl out too.

--

[Director's Office]

The news has reached Esme even before Ryker arrived, so the moment she saw the door opening, she stood to her feet. Lots of her staff teachers are around her.

Ryker entered with Shayla and Xena, and Esme gasped when she saw them, but she gathered herself together, knowing it's unadvisable to use forbidden words around him.

"What's going on, Lord Ryker?" She asked politely with a inept smile.

Ryker didn't let go of Shayla's hand, and Xena planted herself on the other side of him.

"It's a shame you don't recognize your two best dancers from the last audition. Were they wearing masks?" Ryker said, intentionally giving his sarcasm away with nonchalance.

The folds that appeared on Esme's forehead are a proof of her shock. She stepped out of her desk, eyes wide as she accessed the two girls.

"You two are...what!"

"Nice to meet you properly. You said it yourself that we must come." Shayla said.

"Here we are, ma'am." Xena added, and Esme gasped.

She quickly requested for their submitted forms, and her teachers slid her laptop to her on the table.

"You both applied under..." She faced them. "Fake names?"

"That was due to the circumstances. If we registered with real names and came unmasked, you'd have chased us off." Xena said.

"No, young girls. We don't do that here. That alone is enough to disqualify you both, you literally deceived the school! Also..." Esme smiled at Ryker.

"We don't take lowliness here, impossible. One is a palace chef, and the other one is a sla—"

Esme was already clutching at her own neck before she could finish that last word.

Her neck felt a real choky congestion, runny veins danced on her throat, mapping the skin. Her eyes turned till white filled it up.

She threw up water.

Her knees clashed with the ground, and her clutch at her throat got tighter. She's shaking, writhing, sweating and getting red.

Shayla's eyes went to Ryker. As she expected, he's glaring at Esme. He's the one doing it.

"Ma'am!" The teachers shouted, but none was bold enough to go closer for the fear of getting choked too.

Ryker got that laptop from the table, went two steps to Esme and brought it down to her head, crashing it there.

It broke to shatters, and Esme bled from the middle of her head, the redness stained his hands.

Shayla gulped, Xena did the same.

The teachers are still standing clustered in a corner of the office.

"Thinking you can exchange words with me is forbidden, talk more of actually doing it. A slave?" Ryker smirked, pulling her up by her hair.

Esme's shoes left her feet on their own, and her lips quivered.

"Don't use that word around her, or you'll be in a lidless coffin." He said, darkly with poisoned tongue.

Esme nodded, and he let her go.

"Direct the second audition as you should. Do your job, that's all I ask. And oh...if she gets bullied, or touched... I'll have to send your daughter to the dark room as an indigene slave. First of it's kind, how's that sound?" He said.

"What!" Esme's head went up, eyes wide again.

"You heard me, Esme Vega." He called her full name to knock that in harder, and she quickly nodded.

"Yes ... My Lord." Esme swallowed.

Ryker gave both Xena and Shayla the final glance, but his eyes stayed longer on Shayla before he started leaving the office.

"My Lord!" Shayla went after him as fast as possible.

Though, she has mastered how to walk in the heels. She learnt it at once after Cheyenne taught her, but it's obvious she's not comfortable.

Ryker noticed it.

His eyes went from her legs to her face when she got to him.

"Where are you going?" She asked.

"It's personal, I don't have to tell you everything." He replied, colder than she expected.

"Oh..." Her head went down. "Sorry i have no right to ask that."

He's out of the office in the next one second, and her head went up again, her sadness showing.

"Hey..." Xena came to her.

"Don't think about his words too much, you'll just get hurt." 

"I was just worried he might come back late again and leave just me at the tower. It's lonely alone." Shayla replied, and Xena smiled.

"Let me tell you, you might be his partner, but it'd take time for him to warm up to you. He's ice, you don't expect him to break so fast. And don't worry, if he comes late, I'll keep you company. Be happy, we're here now and no masks again." Xena cheered.

Shayla nodded in agreement, and they faced Esme.

"Clean up the mess of my blood and broken laptop keys." Esme ordered some of the teachers.

"Call the alchemists to bring pills for my head wound, and get guards for the girls." She ordered another set.

"Lastly, make sure the audition hall is ready in thirty minutes." She gave the last order 

All the teachers rushed out, and Esme faced the girls with a forced smile, the blood on her face is starting to dry up cos of the air conditioners.

"Tea, or coffee?" She asked respectfully.

--

[East Palace, Meeting Court]

"May I ask why the Grand Supreme is not on seat?" Kasia asked in the middle of the meeting, and she saw the shift on Azura's brow before she was able to answer.

"Grand Supreme is currently on a trip, and in his absence, I'm enough for this court. Any other question?" Azura replied.

"Grand Supreme's travels are always announced to the city, what happened this time?" Astor spoke up.

Azura's angry, sharp eyes swiftly went to him.

"There are several non-human cities like us who are after the FrostOrb and FireStone too. If the Grand Supreme is sick, you should let us know so we'd know how to hold our guards tighter and prevent intruders." Kasia said.

"Quiet!!" Azura yelled at the top of her voice, the order echoing through the walls of the court.

"Actually, Zeke is more than unconscious." Granny Jojo said.

"Mother!" Azura cautioned.

"Zeke was knocked unconscious by Ryker, Jude is suffering from the same fate." Jojo continued.

Azura's fists went balled.

"The almighty Grand Supreme Zeke?" Kasia said, not bothering to hide the mockery in her tone.

"You do not have the right to say his name with your mouth, Kasia! Shut up now and let's continue the meeting in peace, or you'll go back to the West in pieces!" Azura threatened.

"Go ahead..." Kasia stood. "Do whatever you like. What have you East folks not done to us in the West? Nothing is new anymore. Every rule binding this city comes from this East, we Spectres are just second in command on the tongue! The dark room auction money goes to the East Palace account too! Isn't that the secret to your unending wealth?"

Immediately Kasia dropped the bomb, the court went silent, and the clansmen began murmuring amongst themselves, but Azura stayed unshakeable.

"Oh...I see you have scraps and tidbits in your hands, and that's why your shoulders are getting higher than your head?" She cracked a villainous laughter.

"We're not here for words mincing, you East folks will will anyways, let's just get this over with." Astor said.

"Then tell your wife to get her butt on her chair! Don't make me break a irreparable bone in her body" Azura warned.

Astor pulled Kasia to her seat, but her glare didn't stop.

Azura could feel it as they talked about the Feast at large, making the beginning plans.

"Winona is joining the beauty contest this year, by the way." Kasia announced.

"Not my problem. She'd be competing with Liza and Esme." Azura replied, scowling badly.

The discussions continued, but Azura had to stop it when she got a call from Sadie.

--

[FrostOrb Hall]

Winona came out of the wall right in front of the hall, and she dusted her clothes and hair.

It hasn't been easy scaling through the guards and maids to get here, but thanks to her wall walker ability, she was able to walk in the walls till she got here.

She pushed the hall door open, and a awed expression latched to her face when she sighted the FrostOrb, shinning brightly on the frozen black tray. The light isn't dimming nor flickering. It stayed unaffected till she took one step inside, two steps...

Now is the right time to steal this since the others are busy in the meeting court.

She took the third step towards the beautiful orb, but she was thrown back before she knew it.

She crashed into the door, landing outside the room and wounding her knees and palms.

"Darn!" She jumped back to her feet, picking a fast race inside.

The door slammed viciously on her face, and she was thrown again, brutal than the first time.

Her body hit the wall, and it dented in, releasing her to come out on the other side. She sustained more injuries, her wrists broke.

She was barely able to stand up and leave the place, using her wall walk to get to the park.

Kasia and and Astor were already waiting, meeting is over already.

"Winona!" Kasia gasped in amazement 

"It's impossible. That orb doesn't allow strangers close at all." Winona panted as she explained.

"But you can describe it" Astor asked.

"I should be able to." Winona nodded.

"Then that's enough for now. C'mon,let's leave." Kasia helped her into the car with Astor.

--

[Clouds Castle]

There's a fog river at the back of the castle, forged from the aura of the fountain and olive branches.

Ryker sat on a boat on the fog river, and Eternus is sitting beside him. The old man is drinking from a porcelain bottle of liquor, he looks better since his wounds healed already.

"I never planned to lie to you, but I was just full of pity for the slave. I thought I could change the future if you didn't know about her." He said.

"What future?" Ryker gave him a icy querying look, and Eternus chuckled to ease the tension, chugging his liquor for a minute before answering...

"Isn't it funny? The heavens made everything so easy for you, you know almost everything and can do almost everything, but they put limitations on your powers when it comes to your partner. You can't even lift the spell on her mark. You'll freeze permanently soon at this point." 

"I can't lift it cos it's a one-way spell, fool. I can only find the person who cast it to get rid of it." Ryker replied dryly, lashes going low.

"Let's visit somewhere." Eternus stood from the boat, but Ryker didn't.

"Please?" Eternus smiled.

Ryker finally stood. They both teleported, appearing in a market.

Judging by the rudimentary architecture and obsolete aesthetical mood of this place, it's not Luminaria.

"This is Eclipsera, the second most powerful non-human city after Luminaria. We're in their market." Eternus said.

"Why are we in Eclipsera?" Ryker asked, glancing at the market.

It didn't take long before he noticed the oddness of the city. There are so many beggars in the market, homeless people and dirty, smelly peasants. It's horrible.

"We're lucky in Luminaria that everyone is powerful except the half-breeds. But here, powers comes with richness, the poor are powerless, and that's why you see them homeless, roaming and begging." Eternus explained.

"So?" Ryker faced him.

"Even if you help all the beggars from your insane riches, you won't even feel it. Maybe you should do a good deed?" Eternus replied.

"Why would I help?" Ryker sneered, his level of anger shooting up and nearing the red line.

"Cos you're rich?" Eternus shrugged, and then one of the begging homeless women came over to them, holding a almost broken bowl of corn.

"Sweet corn, it costs five bucks. Just five." She pointed the bowl at Ryker, and that action was his last straw.

He slapped the corn bowl to the ground and proceeded to magically waving the woman herself away.

She staggered, her back clashed with a pole, and her backbone got fractured, nearly splitting. 

She cried out, and Ryker drew his dagger, super speeding to her and raising the it at her chest.

Eternus appeared between them, the dagger dug into his chest instead.

Like a rat, the woman tearfully ran down the market, and Ryker's red eyes flicked to Eternus. 

The dagger stabbed him so hard he's bleeding from the mouth too, and his eyes are stunningly shocked.

"You were really going to kill her?"

They both teleported back to the fog river at the clouds castle, and Ryker removed the dagger from Eternus' chest. The old man fell on the boat, holding the bloody chest which already blotched his white robe.

"You have no compassion or mercy for the lives of others, it'd be hard for you to grow a love thread for your partner like this." He said.

"And who says I plan to grow one?" Ryker glared down, blood dripping from the tip of the dagger.

"Because you must! Do you think having a partner just means having a partner ordinarily? Be compassionate, have mercy even if it's a little bit! I get that your mother was shown no mercy when she was killed, but that doesn't warrant your heartlessness." Eternus stood.

"Mention mother again, and I'll stab you again, you won't ever get reborn." Ryker warned.

"Try to be kind to your partner and grow a love thread. Maybe her mark might uncover by itself if she senses your sincerity." Eternus said.

"I planted her as a trap for Rumi in the ballet school. Rumi is going to appear soon." Ryker rolled eyes.

"Listen, Ryker. The mark is connected to her heart, maybe if you show mercy and compassion, the mark would appear even without Rumi. Spend time with your partner, buy her valuable gifts. Try to be warm even if you can't—"

Ryker already vanished with the air before he could finish up.

"You're dying by the way, no one survives a stab from my dagger. But luckily for you, your soul won't die." His voice echoed in the cold air.

"Never met a demigod as stubborn and ruthless as him all my life." Eternus sighed, sitting back in the boat. His bleeding never stopped.

And like Ryker said, he died on that boat. His body disappeared, but his soul travelled into a new body.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School, Final Audition Hall]

There are twenty winners from the last audition, and those twenty would be the ones to be auditioning today.

From them, five would be picked to become new dancers for the school.

All twenty participants are in front of the hall, waiting to be called in.

The twins and Mercury plus Faye and the boys are there too, waiting for when Shayla is going to show up.

"I called mother already. She should be here any moment from now." Sadie said.

"What is mother going to do?" Soren replied.

"Why does it feel like you've been going against me lately?" Sadie snickered.

"This isn't the time for arguments, guys." Mercury said.

Faye is across the rails, smiling and chewing gum as she watched them.

Soon, Esme arrived with the teachers and the girls, electric guards are guarding them closely.

Esme changed already, now wearing palazzo pants and suit, new makeup to cover her wounds and well brushed hair. 

She has been trying to call Zeke to tell him about what's going on, but Zeke has been unreachable, leaving her with no choice.

Shayla and Xena are in the middle of the guards, well protected. They look like new money royalties.

"I love you Shayla!" Faye shouted from where she's standing.

Blaise scoffed behind her, still wondering alone.

"Electric guards?" Sadie sneered, wanting to go closer despite that, but Soren pulled her back.

"Leave me alone!" Sadie broke free. Her feet is still bare.

"You said mother is coming, so calm down and let her handle this! Listen to me for once!" Soren snapped.

"I think Soren is right. Ryker wounded my mother, so she'd rather die than let you get closer to those girls." Mercury said.

Kade appeared in the middle of the crowd, and the moment Shayla set eyes on him, she got brief flashbacks of her mother Liza's voice.

"SLEEP ON THE FLOOR, YOU DON'T BELONG IN A BED!"

"EAT WITH YOUR FINGERS, YOU DON'T DESERVE A SPOON!"

"WEAR THE RAGS, YOU DON'T DESERVE THE GOOD ONES!"

As the words flashbacks hit her, she stared back at Kade who's glaring at her with all the hate in this world.

It got to a point, and she looked away. She has suffered all her life just to get to this stage, and not even Kade will be able to disrupt that.

She entered the hall with Xena and Esme, and tension wrapped on the corridor again.

Mercury left without anyone's notice.

--

Pearl and Lilith are at the school sound room, awaiting the soul shifter they came to meet.

They both heard the news circulating around the school. Lilith stayed calm about it, but it only increased Pearl's desperation to get her sight back. 

If her sight returns, she'd not only be able to see Ryker, but she'd also be able to put Shayla in her place.

"How did you even get so obsessed with Ryker? You've been in the basement all your life, I'm just curious." Lilith asked.

"The maids wouldn't stop talking about him, there were always leakage of their voices from the basement top. His name was all I heard throughout, and each time I thought about killing myself, I was stopped with the hope that I'd get out one day and see his face. He's the reason I'm still alive." Pearl explained.

"Hmm... sensational." Lilith nodded, smirking.

The opening of the door made them straighten up their postures, and Lilith's brows curved in shock when she was who entered.

Mercury.

"Mercury Vega? You're a soul shifter?"

"Apart from Grand Supreme Zeke and  Azura, I'm the third and last soul shifter in this city." Mercury smiled.

"How many I help you both?

--

[Audition Hall]

Shayla and Xena are the last to audition, and they're currently making everyone speechless inside the hall again.

This time, Shayla wore the complete ballet outside. Leotard, tights, tutu, toe pads and the shoes with the drawstrings. Hair tied in a beautiful bun. She gave her all for the performance, and Xena matched her energy just like the other time.

But she somehow wished Ryker is here on his majestic seat to watch her. Even if he's going to be poker faced as usual, she'd be fine with it. His presence matters so much, but he rarely gives that.

Esme's pen nearly fell from her fingers, and the rest of the judges can't even stop their pens from marking EXCELLENT.

By the hall entrance, Azura stood with her twins. She has been watching this since the start, but she's not reacting like Sadie expected.

Zeke is still unconscious, Jude is still unconscious too. It'd be dangerous to make a move right now.

She just can't.

She started leaving with her guards trail, and Sadie ran after her.

"Mother! Mother why are you leaving? Mother!!" 

As for Soren, he stayed there, at the entrance. He watched Xena for one more second.

Just one more second, before taking his leave.

Five dancers made it to the finals with Shayla as the top 1.

By tomorrow, they're expected to join the school and take practices with the other dancers.

The girls haven't changed out of their ballet outfit when Ryker appeared at the entrance of the changing room, and Shayla smiled a little.

He doesn't seem to be in a good mood. She could feel it in the way his brows are so tight.

"My Lord." She muttered.

"You came early." Xena said.

"Ready?" He asked, voice carrying no iota of life.

"Sure, we'll change when we get home. By the way, Shay is top 1." Xena replied.

Shayla looked at him, expecting him to praise her, but she got nothing, so she went back to her sad mood.

They didn't drive back home. Cheyenne and Sage are going to come back to get the car, so Ryker just teleported them back to the palace.

Xena went straight to the chefs quarters, and Shayla followed Ryker behind as they walked into the tower.

Her legs were dragging on the ground, and she feels like crying, but he might get angrier, so she stopped the tears with her life.

She was looking at his backside as he walked in front of her, and she hugged her dress and shoes to her chest, following with enough space.

She didn't expect him to turn back, but he did, and she stopped.

Fluidly, he pointed a red box at her, and she looked into his eyes.

"What's it?"

He stayed silent, so she took it.

"Go wash up, Cheyenne will come with your dinner." He said curtly.

Before she could reply, he vanished, erasing himself from the corridor.

Can he stop doing that?

He's abusing his teleporting ability at this rate.

This is more reason why she should speed up on getting her mark out. She suddenly hates being helpless.

She went to her room and plopped her dress and shoes on the bed. She sat in bed and took the red box, eagar to see what's inside.

She opened neatly, and her eyes were blessed with the sight of sèxiness.

A hot red set of bra and net panty. It's so beautiful that she gasped.

She was still checking them out when Cheyenne entered the room, and she quickly dropped the box on the bed, standing up.

"Cheyenne?"

"I'll be the one to cook your dinner, but I'll be going with Sage to get the car from the school. So I'll be back shortly. You can check the freezer for eclairs to keep your mouth busy till I'll be back." Cheyenne informed.

"It's fine, I'm not hungry yet. I'll wait till you'll be back." Shayla replied simply.

Cheyenne turned to leave, but she was stopped by the red box. She blinked when she saw what's inside.

"Don't tell me Lord Ryker gave you this set! Geez!" She raised the net panty, attached to the push-up bra.

"He...did" Shayla said slowly, and Cheyenne blinked again.

"Seriously? Why? That god doesn't gift people. Never." 

She looked at Shayla, and one evil idea crept into her head.

"He gifted you these, meaning he wants something in return. Give n take." She said.

"What could he want?" Shayla asked interestedly.

"Shower, wear it, snap real hot pictures and send to him. I've never seen him go feral before, I'd love to see what happens." Cheyenne said.

"Pictures?" Shayla asked.

"Ou...poor you, Tiny. You have no knowledge of these things." Cheyenne sighed, bringing her phone out of her suit pocket. She got the charger too since the battery is almost dead.

"Here, plug it in the wall socket to charge." She said.

Shayla did that herself, and Cheyenne taught her how to use the camera and how to send to the right number.

"He's rarely with his phone, and he rarely checks messages. Just hope he sees yours. Good luck." She said and exited the room, leaving Shayla to her own fate.

Shayla stared at the phone, contemplating if this is right or not. Won't it get him more angry?

But then... Cheyenne is closer to him than her, so maybe it's just right.

She entered the bathroom, having a cold shower. Cheyenne taught her how to use it in the morning, the body wash and the facial care.

She came back to the room to dry up and cream. She left her hair darkly wet and gummy, skin glossing as she put on the panty.

Her arse cheeks are barely covered since the material is so thin.

She put on the bra too, struggling in front of the mirror for minutes before strapping it on with the hooks.

Her breàsts aren't big, but the bra did the push-up work, making it pop out of the cups temptingly.

Is this right?

She asked herself for the hundredth time before taking the phone.

She clicked camera and started taking the pictures softly.

--

[Ryker's Bedroom]

Ryker entered the bathroom for a hot shower rush when he arrived.

He spent close to an hour in the hotness before coming out, wearing his modern black bathrobe, open completely on the chest.

He was drying his damp hair with an head towel as he emerged from the bathroom, and Eternus words didn't stop echoing in his red ears.

“Learn to be compassionate and grow a love thread for your partner.”

"Should have killed his soul, too." He muttered, dropping the head towel.

His phone buzzed on the jade treasure table, and a slight frown etched on his face.

Is this phone even supposed to be here? Most importantly, who's texting him this late?

Is it someone he needs to kill?

He grabbed the phone, scrolling it open with low expectations.

He clicked on the newly received message, once.

Immediately the pictures displayed on his screen, his head made a straight, insane noise.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright © 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 35&36

YOU'RE DEFINITELY SHOCKED TO SEE THIS CHAPTER ON YOUR SCREEN AFTER COMPLETING REQUIREMENTS LATE, RI? THE CHAPTER HAS BEEN TYPED SINCE LAST NIGHT, SO IT'S THIS WEEK'S BONUS.

WE MEET AGAIN NEXT WEEK AND I WON'T BE THIS GENEROUS.

5K+ Words Ain't Something You Should Just Read And Leave Like Nothing. 

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share. It's not a task.

Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow.

★

The sound dropped loud and clear, he felt the echo on the bloody walls of his skull. His palm went tight around the body of the phone, and the room suddenly felt too tight like it was closing in on him.

It's new, and the way every part of his body reacted to it made his eyes twitch. They refused to blink.

He kept staring, obsessively as if he'd enter the phone screen any moment from now.

Last time at the spring pool when she defrosted him, he had seen her wearing only her underwear and a lace panty. She was even completely drenched with the pool water, but maybe that wasn't intentional, and that's why it didn't hit this way.

His smirk found it's way to his face, and he sat on the bed, still staring at his screen. That odd feel is still settled deep inside him, it's coursing with like thick pheromones.

He has seen female nakedness for more than he could count throughout his hundreds of years alive. 

Whenever he checked for his partner at the Groove, he saw too much, but this one didn't even go naked.

Just the underwear set he had got her, and he's acting like like a starved pubescent like this?

Maybe it's the pheromones. 

Definitely the pheromones, and the partner thingy. It has to be the god  connection.

He dropped the phone and returned to the shower to bath for the second time to calm.

--

[Kitchen]

Shayla came here to fill her tummy with the eclairs as mentioned by Cheyenne.

She had sent the pictures an hour ago, but nothing happened. Ryker didn't come knocking on her door with anger or pleasure.

She got nothing, so she doesn't even know if she should be regretting or relieved.

She was on the third eclair when the knights entered the kitchen. They're finally back from picking the car up.

"Hey, Goddess." Sage smiled.

Shayla smiled back a little, not wanting to give her sadness away.

Sage is always happy and smiling, and he's quick to note things like Ryker. She has known that as his habit during her short period here.

"What's up? Your smile isn't genuine." Sage sat across her.

Bingo. He found out after all.

"Let me guess, it didn't go as planned?  It's either he didn't see it or he saw it and didn't reply?" Cheyenne said, getting foodstuffs ready for dinner.

"Didn't reply." Shayla said.

"At this point, Sage. Lord Ryker might be gay." She said.

"Stop that." Sage cautioned.

Cheyenne picked up the phone and checked out Shayla's pictures, smiling as she scrolled through them.

"These are fire, so why would he not move? I'm in awe."

"You made her send him pictures?" Sage stood.

"What's so bad about it?" Cheyenne rolled eyes, lighting the cooker.

"But you know he doesn't like female flashing without permission." Sage went to her.

"She is not just ANY female. She's his damn partner, so get off." Cheyenne elbowed him.

"He really doesn't like such things?" Shayla asked, standing fearfully.

Sage quickly crossed the island to her. "Goddess, please you have to stop listening to Cheyenne. She just talks without thinking." He said.

"I was only trying to help get their bonding faster before disaster strikes. She needs that mark on her, am I the only one impatient about it?" Cheyenne dropped the lighter, sighing with a nod.

"Well, we don't have to wait for long. Let's wait till they both start getting pheromones rush." She smiled.

"What's pheromones rush?" Shayla asked.

"When a god refuses to bond with his or her partner, the pheromones are the horniness hormones that'd push the two of them towards each other. There's time for everything, I believe that's happening soon. Good luck on feeling horny." Sage explained.

Shayla sat back, swallowing and staying silent for a few.

"But did something happen today? He didn't look happy."

"Has he ever looked happy?" Cheyenne shrugged, returning to her cooking.

"He visited Eternus, that old man probably said something rotten again." Sage said.

"Before you ask who is Eternus, he's a seer at the clouds castle. Oldest man in this city." He quickly added.

"Clouds Castle? I've heard of that place before. Fog river and olive branches." Shayla said.

"Thank fûck, there's something you actually know." Cheyenne said, and Shayla smiled at her.

Sage joined Cheyenne, stealing from the shrimps she's going to use in her cooking. Cheyenne hit the cooking spook on his cheek, and he winced.

They look so damn close, and Shayla admired it. Just that Cheyenne is a hotheaded witch.

"I used to think Cheyenne had hidden feelings for Lord Ryker." She said before she knew it.

Cheyenne and Sage stopped moving immediately. They turned around in sync to face her with stunned eyes.

Shayla nearly asked why, but then they both laughed out, loud and crisp and heavy.

"Feelings? For my icy boss? Please, Tiny. What are you even saying!" Cheyenne grinned, placing her elbow on Sage's shoulder.

"She might be overprotective of him, but trust me she has always been like that. When we were both betrayed by our families and our bodies were dumped half-dead on a deserted farmland, Lord Ryker took us in as his only aides, and for that, our lives belongs to him." Sage clarified.

"And me calling you a slût those times was because you didn't bear the mark, and I couldn't risk anyone who's not his partner getting around him, I know the calamity it'd cause, so I was just looking out. I'm sorry." Cheyenne apologized.

Shayla smiled again, feeling so much better. She stood to her feet.

"Is there an outside practice ground here? I need to practice ballet and some power moves too." She said.

"It's in the middle of this tower. Stand in the blue corridor and find your bearing from there, it's not hard." Sage replied.

"Thank you" Shayla said, rushing out of the kitchen.

"Our Goddess is such a cutie, can't wait for the powers to come out. I'm so eager to see her fire." Sage said.

"Same here, but when did you tint your hair red on the side?" Cheyenne noticed, and Sage touched it.

"I did it before we went for the car pick-up, guess the colour is only just showing." 

"I don't like the color, doesn't fit you somehow. You're better with the white." She said.

"For real?" He pressed.

"Have I ever lied to you?" She shrugged, stirring what's on fire.

Sage sat back on the island, watching her cook from there.

"Do you know why boss put her in the school?" He said.

"According to the description of the man who saw Rumi back then, she was poor, wearing peeled leather and faded knockoff skirt. She's definitely poor, so if she hears the girl she put a spell on is suddenly rich in the school, she'd come. It might just take time but she'd come and try to rob her." Cheyenne explained.

"Right...and can Zeke wake up already? This palace has been too calm lately." Sage said.

"Worry no more, now that Tiny is already in the ballet, he's going to wake up tonight, trust me. Latest, tomorrow morning," Cheyenne faced him. "The dramas continue."

Sage gave her a nod.

--

Shayla stood at the blue corridor according to Sage's direction, and from there, she found her way to the middle of the tower where a sparse area of land is. There's a peach tree that's only just blooming petals, and she instantly liked the pink petals.

She picked one and attached it to her tied hair at the side, she's sure that it'd look pretty.

She had branched at her room to change into a free short skirt, flayed with ironed pleats and a loose singlet on top of it.

She stood on pointe, and surprisingly, she didn't even have to wear ballet shoes to pull that move.

She did it effortlessly, standing there for minutes before balancing back on her full feet, then she started her moves, matching her swirl movements with the falling of the pink peach petals.

Even without music, she created her own symphony in her head, the moon in the sky seeming to be smiling at her as the petals brushed her light skin.

Her hairband went out of her hair before she knew it, and the long hair was let loose, dancing with the air and giving her moves more depth.

She stopped when a strand entered her eye, and she easily removed it, sweeping her hair back. She's glistening with sweat.

She pointed her arms forward, trying to make some of the power moves she learnt from watching Cheyenne and Sage, but without powers, it's not possible.

She instantly felt useless. 

Maybe that's why Ryker seems to be in a sour mood?

"I can't continue like this" she muttered to herself, standing still.

Unknown to her, two attentive, interested eyes are watching her from the roof of the knights quarters.

--

[Main Castle]

Sadie has been crashing out since she returned, and it's worse cos Soren doesn't even seem like he wants to calm her down.

He's in bed, lazing away on his phone. Sadie's antics is like a non-existent thing to him, he looks stressed since he spent the last one hour practicing hard.

"Aren't you going to say something? This is improper! I almost got hit by his car! Father and Jude are unconscious all because of that bastard, and he went ahead to bring that cheap thing to the school? And what again? She's top 1? She and Xena will be at the center? That's highly unacceptable!! We're the royals of this city, not Ryker!" Sadie combusted at his face.

"When did you start caring about Jude?" Soren replied, sparing her a little glance.

"Weather I hate him or not, he's still a member of this family! And why are you suddenly going against me? I'm telling you Soren, if you betray me I won't take it easy." she threatened.

"Grow up for once! Grow up!!" Soren yelled, shocking her as he spranged up from bed.

She shifted back. "Ren."

"Jude and father are still unconscious, and that's more reason for mother to lay low cos Ryker holds the reins here! Yes, we're the royals, but he holds that power! Think about it and stop shouting on me! I've had a rough day, stop worsening my mood!" He snapped and walked past her.

"Ren! Ren stop right there! Ren!!" Sadie yelled, throwing his bedspread after him as he exited the room.

--

Soren plugged his ear pods the moment he was out of the room. He did it to block out his crazy twin noise, and it worked.

Just what he needed.

He magically jumped down the long staircase, and the moment he landed on the ground, his chest hammered.

He's too far from Sadie, so jumping down magically like that exhausted him. Darn the heavens for linking their powers together.

They can't even do anything without each other.

He let go of his chest and was about to go further when he came across Xena. She's clearing the dinning transparent cups. 

She's going to wash them tonight since tomorrow is the start of her career at the school and she won't be having the time.

"Grand Prince." Her head went down, but he just walked past her.

His right ear pod fell into her tray though, and she quickly picked it up, her face going up.

"Your ear pod." She pointed it at him 

Soren took it with a snatch, his unfriendly eyes glancing at her for one second before he left completely.

"He didn't kick me again?" Xena muttered confusedly. "What's up with him these days?"

"Xena?" Old Chef came over from the castle kitchen.

"Father" she rushed to meet him, and he took the cup tray from her.

"I was afraid the twins got their hands on you again." 

"No I'm fine." She replied.

He stroked her hair as they entered the castle kitchen.

--

[Soul Hall]

Azura sat beside Zeke's body on the bed, looking completely hopeless. 

There's only a thin line between her eyes and tears right now.

She's highly frustrated, and without Zeke by her side, it's hard.

They've always done things together made plans together, paved the way together anytime anyday, so it's weird without him.

She heard someone entering the room, and she didn't even have to look up before knowing who.

"Are you already crying for his funeral? Cool, cos I don't see him waking up anytime soon. You might as well embalm him." Jojo's voice said 

"I'm tired of hearing your voice mother." Azura stood.

"I should have listened to Zeke when he suggested killing you. You're just my mother on the tongue, what have you ever done for me!!" She demanded.

"You're the reason my powers got so weak that I had to rely on mirrors for my magic! You were born cursed with blindness like Pearl, did you forget? I had to sacrifice my years of power cultivation just to save you! I passed my thunder ability and sealing ability down to you, but what did you do? You got married to Zeke, and you gave birth to evil spawns like him. You've inherited his evilness too if not more." Jojo said.

"Oh you did what you should have done, mother. A mother should always save her daughter so stop counting it to my face, and I got married to Zeke cos I love him, and he loves me just as much! We took over this city together, but all you did was find fault in everything the moment Ryker was brought in!" Azura spat heatedly.

"A mother should always save her daughter, so why can't you do same for Pearl? Sacrifice your powers to save her too!" Jojo slammed.

"No, mother. It doesn't work that way. I have Jude and Soren, I have Sadie my sweet baby girl too, so why waste powers on a blind girl!" Azura claimed, and Jojo laughed crookedly.

"You're unbelievable, daughter."

"Azura?" Zeke's voice interrupted their heated argument.

"Mother? Granny?" Jude's voice spoke up too, following Zeke's.

Azura gasped, but Jojo stayed neutral as she watched father and son.

Both Jude and Zeke are already sitting up on their beds, awake.

"Zeke? Oh my heart." Azura sat on his bed, checking him out to confirm his full consciousness.

"Granny?" Jude came down from his bed, but Jojo walked out on them.

--

[Heartless Tower]

Shayla still stood there, mulling over this whole thing and trying to find rest for her mind, but it's just impossible.

Being Ryker's partner.

Ryker being soft with her sometimes and cold to her most times.

Her hidden mark.

The pheromones rush.

Everything is just in a standstill. Nothing is moving for her sake, she feels choked even when there's no hand on her throat.

She heard moves behind, and she whipped back to see Ryker.

He's descending from the knights quarters roof where he has been watching her from.

"Boss?" She blinked.

"Boss?" He repeated, his steps stopping in front of her, just a little space between them. He could feel her mild warmth.

"Cheyenne called you boss, and it sounded chic, so I wanted to try." She smiled, noticing his mood has improved.

"How long have you been watching me?" She asked, stepping closer.

"Since the start" he replied flatly, opening his palm where a black pill sat like dangerous poison.

"Open up." He said, bringing the pill to her lips.

She looked at him inquisitively.

"It's a magical pill, can give you powers for sometime." He said.

Hearing that, she quickly opened her mouth.

He placed it on her tongue, and she swallowed fast.

"Are my eyes shinning already?" She asked, widening her eyes for him.

She stood on her toes, refusing to blink as she brought her face closer to him, their lips almost touching.

She held his arms, and his inner bones contracted under his flesh. He clenched his jaws to restrict himself.

"Are they?" She asked again, but he just stared like she's a rare antique in a museum, new and untouched.

"Hmm?" She sounded.

"Powers don't always work with shiny eyes, Firefly." He replied, suddenly spinning her around.

She gasped, eyes popping as her backside met with his front side.

His right arm curled on her tummy from behind, his left hand held her left hand. 

She could smell his petals, so heavy with this insane closeness, and she could also smell something else she couldn't name. Something hot, so hot that she began sweating.

"You're nervous." Ryker's deep voice made her blink twice.

"No...I'm not. What do I do?" She asked, trying to sound nonchalant which failed by the way.

She sounded nervous.

With a little smirk, Ryker separated her fingers, taking the backhand in his own palm as they faced the tree together, his cold fingers still pressing into her open tummy skin.

"Powers work with your mind, it entangles with your spirit and twists with your soul at the height of it. When it gets untouchable, it links with your life." He said.

"Meaning, I have to try using my mind first?" She asked.

"Smart" he replied, and she smiled.

"Can I bring the wind chime from my window to this place then?" She asked, leaning back into his body without even realizing.

His breaths brushed her neck gently, and her breathings went out of control. Ragged and shaky.

"Your mind, Firefly. Your mind." He muttered behind.

She tried her hardest best to concentrate, calming her mind to summon the wind chime.

She did.

The chime came traveling with the air, and her eyes widened, a large smile spilling on her face.

"It came!" She pointed, detaching herself from him to take the chime which she kissed.

"I did it!" 

She looked up to see him staring, and she pointed at him, trying to make him fall, but it didn't work.

"I made the pills, durak. Of course it won't work on me." He said, so she directed her fingers to the peach tree

The leaves started falling like she wanted, and she smiled again.

"It feels so cool to be able to control things! Boss, now I get your arrogance." She said.

"Well?" He tilted his head, and she chuckled, coming back to stand in front of him.

She held his arms again, warmly.

"Thank you, Moy Vladika." She said sincerely. His eyes softened, the moon spilling over them.

"You didn't say anything when Xena told you about my top 1 feat." 

"You want praises?" He asked, bringing his hand to her chin to hold.

"Is it too much to ask?" She asked.

"Do more, then maybe I can think about it?" He replied.

"Something like?" 

"Give Sadie a little wound, or Kade, your stepbrother." He said.

She frowned subtly.

"They're both very powerful, that's a death call."

"Are you going to stay afraid forever?" He held her chin tighter, and she lifted her lids.

"N...no"

"You're not allowed to be afraid of anyone that's not me. Understood?" He instructed, his fingers tightening on her chin again.

"I'll...try." she stuttered.

"Wrong." He said.

"I understand." She corrected, and he slowly let go of her chin.

"Go eat your dinner. Cheyenne should be done by now." He said.

"Yes, boss." She fondled with the wind chime as she walked backwards.

"Goodnight." She waved with her second hand.

He replied with a nod before she turned around and enter the blue corridor.

She hasn't walked for long before she looked back at him again, seeing that he's still staring.

She quickly rushed off.

"Come out." Ryker sighed, and Sage came out from behind the peach.

He has been there for a while.

"You're knowingly pitting her against Sadie? You know she'd do anything to get that praise. What if Sadie hurts her. That girl is phsychotic." He said.

"A little spice won't hurt." Ryker faced him blankly. "The power pill I gave her isn't that simple. She'd stay charged till the end of tomorrow."

"Grand Supreme and Jude are awake." Sage reported.

Ryker looked at the peach tree, eyes calm like the ocean.

"Things are finally going to get on the wheels again."

--

[West Palace]

Winona just finished drawing the FrostOrb. The family had to wait for her to heal her broken wrists before she was able to draw.

She used red paint to represent the blue glow, and she let out a heavy heave after she was done.

Kasia and Astor picked it up.

"So this is or Ryker's legendary FrostOrb looks like." Kasia muttered, looking thrilled.

"We were told to find the reason for our midnight power loss, and y'all are drawing the FrostOrb?" Blaise said from the couch he's sitting on, glaring at everyone of them.

"The Feast is in less than two weeks, we need to build a fake orb before that time at least. If we're going to steal the real one, we need a fake. And about our midnight power loss, we still have two weeks to think of a solution, so keep calm." Astor said.

"Winona tried stealing the orb, and she was severely wounded. Her wall walker ability is nothing! Mother you can only compel people, and Astor's strikes are weak. My red hair can only blind people. We're all useless here so how do you intend on stealing the FrostOrb?" Blaise stood.

"You forgot to mention one last person." Winona said.

Blaise stopped, then his eyes popped wide. "Faye?"

Silence fell in the lobby immediately.

"No honestly. Tell me, what is she? She sucked out dead ashes poison from Kade and I, and she didn't get affected in the least!" Blaise said.

"I see you're still curious" Faye's voice came from the rails, and he looked up with everyone else.

"Keep being curious, i love it." Faye said again, sticking her tongue out at him, and that was when he noticed something.

Her tongue has a split line in the middle, it's in two parts.

"Wait..." His eyes shadowed.

"You still don't get it?" Winona said, and Blaise gasped.

"You've gotta be kidding me."

--

[Vega Mansion]

"So... tomorrow?" Lilith said as she stopped her car in front of the mansion steel gate.

Mercury is inside her own car too, and the gate is already opening up for her entry.

They spent the whole evening negotiating and making plans, and they only just came to a joint decision not long ago.

"Sure," Mercury smiled. "And make sure you gather the ingredients I mentioned, we'll meet tomorrow night at Mount Zhitomir. Several people were slaughtered there, so it's perfect for us."

"Fine then, don't disappoint." Pearl said beside Lilith in their own car.

"Mercury Vega will never." Mercury smirked before rolling her car inside.

The gate closed after.

"You sure we can trust her?" Pearl asked Lilith.

"We spent hours negotiating with her, Mercury wouldn't waste her time if she's not sure. We only have to wait for tomorrow, you're getting your sight back, baby." Lilith replied, patting Pearl on the shoulder.

The death mark appeared on Pearl's skin immediately, shinning for a while before the brightness died off.

"I can't wait for tomorrow." Pearl smiled.

Lilith shifted to the edge of her seat, adjusted the wheel to her level before driving the car away.

Meanwhile, inside the house... Mercury met Esme pacing the living room restlessly.

She didn't drop her bag before going to her, looking worried.

"You ok, mother?"

"Yeah," Esme smiled. "Just thinking about the Shayla stuff."

"I told you, it's all because Grand Supreme is unconscious. Once he's awake, everything will be settled. It's not worth your time. By the way, I'm going to be performing soul shift tomorrow." Mercury said.

"Thought you said you wanted to stop doing soul shifts." Esme blinked.

"I changed my mind, I'll be doing this for the twins sake. The Pearl girl is my client, and I'm just gonna send her soul into a pig or something." Mercury shrugged, going inside.

"I'll be back for dinner in two minutes!"

Esme went to the cellar to get herself a bottle of wine, her mind wholly filled with her sweetheart Zeke.

Hope he wakes soon.

--

[Next Morning, King Mansion]

Liza was eating from a bowl of dim sum as she sat in the crib, working on her laptop at the same time.

The list for the Lantern Night Feast beauty contest is out, and she's seeing Winona from the West Palace.

"Seriously? Her too? That ugly lady?" Liza shook her head, shoving another piece of dim sum into her mouth.

"I just don't understand."

Kade came out, and surprisingly, he didn't do his usual roughness with her. He just left quietly, but he's still angry.

He came home brutally angry last night, fuming about Shayla's elevation, but what can he do?

Nothing, so he did power practice till daybreak.

Liza dusted her fingers, smiling...

"Things are falling in place, as they should." She relaxed.

--

[East Palace, Soul Hall]

Jude and Zeke are still in there.

Azura refused for them to leave. She had Lilith kill more people this morning, and she has been feeding father and son with the souls to keep them stable.

She only agreed for them to leave when 8am clocked a minute ago.

She's currently walking out the hall with Zeke, both eagar to get back to work.

A lot has to be done. Ryker has ruined a lot of things, so they have to act fast and bring things back to their knees.

Lilith crossed them by the door.

"When is my wedding?" She asked demandingly, looking like she has reached her limits.

"Did you mark Pearl yet?" Azura answered her question with another question.

"Done since last night, she'd die tonight during the soul shift." Lilith replied.

"Good. Let's schedule your wedding for weekend then...we have a lot to take care of right now, so prepare for weekend." Zeke said.

"Really?" Lilith smiled.

"Let's leave, sweetheart." Azura told Zeke who immediately strolled out of the hall with her.

--

[East Palace, Heartless Tower]

Xena and Shayla are in the car already, waiting for whoever is going to drive them.

Their excitement is hanging on their faces vividly. It's literally the first day of their ballet career in the school.

It's finally happening!

"Heard we the five new dancers will be getting a party tonight, and there's going to be a mask game in a mirror maze. It's like a welcoming ritual." Xena announced.

"Mirror maze? It's not dangerous, is it? Never entered one before." Shayla said.

"There'll be guards and Director Esme herself. Also, you have me." Xena winked, and Shayla smiled.

Ryker emerged from his phoria, his black shirt looking custom-made with his physique as he strolled leisurely to the car.

Cheyenne and Sage are standing in front of their quarters, and he threw Cheyenne a knowing glance before getting in the car with the girls.

He drove out of the tower, smoothly.

"You think he somehow found out you're the one who told her to send those pictures?" Sage asked.

"You think he doesn't know?" Cheyenne scoffed. "He's probably going to do something mad."

--

The drive to the school took just two minutes. Yeah, two short minutes.

Normally, it'd take ten, but Ryker was literally flying on the road, the car entered the school park in no time.

Xena left the car first since she's sitting at the backseat.

The moment she stepped out, she could already see armies of the dark surrounding the park. Wolves, ready to devour her and Shayla.

Kade is the first she sighed. He came out of his car and stormed into the school bitterly.

The twins came out of another car, and Mercury.

Sadie's arms are on her chest.

"Father is awake, I'll end the slave today. Unfailingly." She said.

"I know, right?" Mercury smiled.

"Typical you" Soren said.

She scoffed as they went inside together.

Blaise alighted from another car, and Faye came out too.

"Why is today smelling like dramas already? I feel like I need a drink. Should have brought champagne from the West cellar." Faye smiled.

"Finally I can enjoy the drama with you." Blaise said beside her, and she rolled eyes at him.

"You're so silly."

Xena felt the chills as she stared at everyone of them, but she leaned on the car, gently.

--

[Inside The Car]

"Are you coming to get us again like yesterday?" Shayla asked Ryker on the passengers seat.

Instead of answering, his devouring eyes went down to her slightly open laps, hovering.

Shayla shifted slowly on her seat when she saw the stare.

"Is there something wrong?" She asked coolly.

"Your panty, give it to me." He replied out of the blues.

"Huh?" Her eyes shot up to his face, her mind going rowdy and dirty.

"I'm not going to say that again, pretty sure you heard me." He leaned in, and her back reclined into her seat, her eyes casting down.

Suddenly, the car felt suffocated, and she can't breath well at the invasion.

"You didn't really think you'd send those pictures last night and not get a punishment in return, did you?" He smirked, and she gulped.

"I was just trying to..."

"Shhh" he placed a finger on her lips, and her warmth embraced his coldness, her eyes finally blinking.

He spread his palm for her.

She could hear her own chest thumping as her hands went under her skirt, sweaty and hot.

The hands came out from under her skirt, holding her blue lace panty.

Slowly—painstakingly slow, she started riding it down her legs.

A bead of sweat fell from her temple, and she held eyes with him till the panty fell to her ankles.

She lifted her legs from the ground, allowing it to fall off.

She picked it and placed it on his spread palm.

As she watched his palm closing on the material, her ears reddened, and she felt hot in the face. She feels so bare, so naked.

And it got worse when he brought the panty between their faces. He hung it on his pointer finger and swung it twice before folding it into his side pocket.

Shayla clenched her thighs, the redness of her face getting much more worse.

"Is that blush?" Ryker mused, and she quickly placed her soft palms on her cheeks, hiding it.

"No." She muttered, and a quick smile creeped on Ryker's face which she didn't see before it disappeared.

"You have the pill power inside you, feel free to kill anyone you choose. I'll buy them a coffin." He brought his thumb under her chin, dragging and stroking slowly.

"Go." he said, and her eyes snapped to him. She looks madly horrified.

"Without panty under my skirt?" She asked. It came out in a hush whisper.

His thumb stopped in the middle of her chin, tilting her face up so he's gazing directly into her eyes.

"Each time your naked thighs rub together, remember what you did last night, and at the end of today, you'll get your panty back inside my bedroom." He said, each word sinking deeply into her.

Her heart skipped several beats that one fleeting minute.

"Bed...room?"

"Yes, Firefly. In my bedroom." He replied clearly.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright © 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 37&38.

Y'ALL DON'T WANNA HEAR HOW HARD IT WAS TO TYPE THIS CHAPTER WITH TWO SHORT HOURS COS OF MY BUSY DAY.

I'LL BE VERY BUSY THIS WEEK, SO YOU'LL WORK HARD FOR THE CHAPTERS BEFORE I CAN POST.

If I come home by 7 and requirements are incomplete, forget about a chapter.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share. Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow or I'm not dropping.

★

Shayla's thighs clenched more than it already was. She felt a faint pulse between them which she tried fervently to keep low.

It felt like a clock is in there, ticking aggressively. Her palms went balled, and her cheeks became a deeper shade of red.

Ryker watched all these reactions as if he payed for it, and even the holy heavens know it's priceless to see her like this—shy, red, and horrified just by the mere mention of bedroom.

"I almost forgot." He brought up a small bag which he handed to her.

She opened it to peek inside.

"A phone?" She read the body label. There are two boxes inside, one white and the other black, obviously for her and Xena.

"The black is yours. There are three saved numbers on it already. Cheyenne's, Sage's and Xena's." He explained as she opened the black box, and her eyes went up instantly.

"What about yours?"

"Dial 1 on speed dial, that's me." He replied, teaching her how to.

"I get it" she smiled, rubbing her thumb on the phone body.

"Thank you." she looked at him, catching the beauty of his soft eyes.

"Told Xena to pack some lunch for you. You can't eat at the cafe, and you can't drink anything from their vending machine. Also, drink your water cold. Warm water is going to hurt your tummy cos your warm body would react against it." He said.

All these while, she's staring at him with attentive doe eyes, and she couldn't blink till he was done.

"No wonder, my tummy acts up whenever my drinking water is warm." She muttered.

"I won't do everything you said, and I'll retaliate to bullies, but you suddenly sound like you're.....traveling." She said suspiciously, her small voice becoming smaller at the last word.

"Who knows?" He gave her a eye smile, and she blinked.

"Go" he said, unplugging the seat belt from her body.

She nodded once, waving her second hand before getting out of the car, and that was when she got reminded of the nakedness under her skirt.

Ryker's car sped down the smooth road, the air blew under her skirt, brushing her opening and making her stomach clench on nothing. 

The feeling is so new to her that she doesn't even understand what it means.

"That took almost a year." Xena said behind her, taking her out of her thoughts.

"Xena," she faced her. "Sorry, I just had a lot to ask."

"Your cheeks are red, did he do something touching?" Xena smiled, leaning closer.

"It's still red?" Shayla touched her cheek, gently.

"Pretty much, that's a development." Xena winked, and Shayla chuckled lightly, showing her the phone boxes.

Xena picked the white one immediately, gasping as if it's some lost but found treasure.

"I've always wanted this! Human technology is only available here in the City Management Office, so it's expensive as hell. I bet each of these costs millions." She said.

"If they hate humans so much, why use their technology and sell it for exorbitant prices?" Shayla looked up

Xena hung her arm on her shoulder, strolling into the school with her.

"Luminarians are crazy, baby. Don't try to reason with them, you'll lose your mind. Now let's go start our ballet careers." She said.

"Love the sound of that" Shayla smiled, and Xena grinned.

--

Cheyenne and Sage are already waiting at the middle of the school road for Ryker.

They're wearing different suits from before.

"Wait...you washed off the tint from your hair?" Cheyenne suddenly noticed, and he nodded.

"Yeah, you said it didn't fit."

"Why would my opinion even matter?" Cheyenne scoffed.

"What do you mean?"

"Don't listen to what I have to say about your appearance. Me saying the tint didn't fit you was just for talking sake." She said.

"But—"

"Do what you like, Sage. I shouldn't always have the upper hand even over your hair... please!" She strictly interrupted, and Sage went silent as their face mirrored, but Cheyenne was the first to look away.

Ryker's car grinded to a fast halt beside them, and they both snuck inside. Cheyenne got on the driver's seat, and Sage took the passengers.

Ryker went to the backseat.

"I clearly warned against calling me Boss whenever we're in this city." He said with a cutting edge, directing the words to Cheyenne in particular.

"It skipped my mind yesterday when I was chatting with her in the kitchen. I'm sorry, My Lord. Won't happen again." She bowed.

"Are we spending more than one week this time?" Sage asked.

"Depends." Ryker grimly replied.

"Move, to the crossover ladder." Sage nudged Cheyenne's shoulder.

"I missed the human world, finally some fresh air!" Cheyenne breathed as she drove them off.

Ryker shut his eyes at the backseat, the strong smell of pheromones riddling his head.

Darn it... Eternus didn't say it'd be as crazy as this.

He could smell it in every breath.

--

[FrostOrb Hall]

The glow from the orb got increasingly brighter, hitting the walls and roof and leaking out through the spaces around the door.

Jude is absorbing power aggressively from it. He has overfed himself with the orb energy, and there's barely any space for him to absorb more, but he kept going, groaning as the energy muddled his senses, curling around his brain and threatening to make him mad.

He didn't stop.

He imagined how Ryker had knocked him down in the cave, how he made him unconscious for days. Ryker is only but a lowly thief who's trying to steal rightfully belongs to him, and it's unacceptable.

He growled out as the thoughts darkened his head, leaving no space for balance. He's starting to lose his sanity, but he's still not stopping.

He was pushed away from the orb premises when another person came in, and he lurched back.

The wall took the impact of his body, and he wasn't shocked to see Granny Jojo standing in front of him, her face the deepest shade of disappointment.

"If you absorb too much power than you can take, you'll run wild and go mad." She said.

"I know," He carried his weight away from the wall.

"You do?" 

"I said I know!!!" He yelled.

The angry depth of his voice flung Jojo up to the ceiling tile. Her body crashed a hole on it, and she was thrown back down, brutally.

Her body hit the ground with a deadly thud, and she sustained injuries on the head. 

Deep, fleshy ones.

"You're only gonna speak in his defense as usual, so keep quiet! From now on, I'll work with my own rules. I'm a part of the family, and I'll start acting like it!" He growled.

Jojo kept laying on the floor, bleeding heavily and unconscious. Her blood painted the ground already.

The sound of claps echoed on the walls from outside, and Jude's head went up, eyes shadowing as Lilith came in with Pearl.

"If anyone told me Jude would turn out to be a bold, bad hateful dude one day, I'd have denied it." Lilith smiled, stopping her claps.

"I dunno what you and my parents are planning, but stick to it and stop getting your ugly face in my way!!" Jude shouted angrily, coming for her, but Lilith threw a jacket at him, the one she stole from Shayla.

"Where did you get this?" Jude caught it, looking up and bringing it to his nose. Luckily, it still has Shayla's warm scent. He inhaled it.

"I took it from her that night, intending to sell it and make money, but now that I'm a part of this family and have enough money for myself, I'm returning it to you." Lilith smiled.

"You and I," Pearl talked, and Jude looked her way.

"We're the most poorly treated members of this family. Our parents are a team, the twins are a team, how about we be a team too?" She continued, stepping ahead of Lilith.

"I'll be getting my sight back tonight, so you can look forward to it. I have a feeling we'll work better together." 

"I do not need your collaboration! What do you possibly know? You spent your entire life in the basement anyways." Jude muttered, sniffing the jacket again.

"I'm not asking for your cooperation, I'm ordering it. You'll come crawling to me." Pearl replied smugly.

Jude laughed amusingly, but it was short cos Azura dashed into the hall.

Lilith took Pearl out of the room, leaving mother and son.

"Mother" Jude mumbled.

That was replied with a hot, blinding hit on the face which made his facial skin shake.

"Mother!!" He yelled painfully, but he was slapped again and again. His eyes widened in both shock and anger.

"Mother!!!!" He yelled louder, grabbing her arms and pushing her back. Azura broke free and slapped him for the fourth time, angrily.

"Touch me again, and I won't hold back. I'll kill you" Jude threatened.

"You want the slave? So much that you payed with your soul just to enter the land of the condemned for her? Do you know how many souls I revived you with?" Azura's enraged voice dropped, and he frowned, his red face bearing her fingerprints.

"So it's about her?"

"What else?" Azura shouted. "Everyone in this family has one thing or the other they're doing to bring grace and honor, but all you have going on is lust for a slave? Aren't you ashamed?"

"She's not a slave! And it's not lust! I liked her the moment I set my eyes on her in that dark room cage! Is it a sin to crave her?" 

"Yes! The only reason you should be going after her is to end her life, not to own her heart! She has to die for this family legacy to continue!!" Azura snatched the jacket from him.

"Not that! Give it back to me!!" He went after her, but she was already out of the room.

She made the door shut on his face, and she went down to the burner at the lobby.

She threw the jacket into the burner, and when Jude finally got to her, his run stopped with a screech, and his eyes came wide the moment he saw the burning jacket.

"No...no...no..." He cried, falling on his weak knees in front of the burner.

"You won't be able to stand from your knees till tomorrow. Stay there, and reflect on your shameful actions. You want the slave romantically? Dream on, you'll be getting her dead body instead." Azura told him before she went back upstairs.

Zeke was waiting by the staircase when she arrived, she walked directly into his waiting arms.

"Don't be too hard." He said.

"He needed it to set him straight, I need him back to his senses. He knocked mother unconscious in the orb hall, I think she might go back into coma." She replied.

"Cool, she was useless anyways. My mother would be coming to the palace soon to replace her." Zeke replied, and Azura smiled.

"I can't wait for her arrival."

"By the way, what's the plan? Feast is in two weeks...Ryker and the partner are still breathing fine. The fact that she's in that ballet school is like a slap to my face." She said.

"I'll go see Director Esme this evening." Zeke broke the hug.

"I'll go with you." Azura said.

"No. I'll go alone. You stay back and do something else for me tonight."

"What do I have to do?" Azura backed the railings.

"His spring pool at the Bamboo Groove, have it poisoned. He's highly suspicious, so enter without carrying your aura with you. Get his father's tears into the pool." Zeke said.

"The Old Chef?"

"Yeah, he has poison tears, and you know the funniest part? The poison only works on his family. Even if you have to cut his spleen or split his tendons to make him cry, do it." Zeke ordered.

"And after poisoning the pool?" Azura asked curiously. 

Zeke smiled, touching her hair.

"Just wait for results. It's hightime we start the music, I bet he won't see this coming."

--

[Human World, Beijing~China—A Glass Mansion]

For several years, the glass building has been taking the lead among luxury glass mansions in the country.

Even people who haven't seen it before has seen picture, at least.

Everyone knows the mansion of the richest man in the world who has houses in several countries.

He owns the biggest jewelry company existing—Frost H2O, having branches in more than twenty five countries. They produce and trade jewelries on large scales, and their products are unbelievably expensive.

His second largest branch is here in China, but his main headquarters is in Russia where he's rumoured to be a citizen of.

No one knows anything about him except the fact that he's intimidatingly rich, and he's a good-looking male.

The glass mansion isn't guarded, but no fly can even come close as the location is hidden, and in the most dense part of Beijing.

It's 5pm here, and the mansion is silent, brightened with lights and looking like a suitable synonym of paradise as it stood regally in the middle of the towering gate.

One could see every room from outside since the glass is clearly transparent, and in the first living room, the television is on, news reading on the screen.

★ Owner of Worldwide Frost H2O, the richest man living—Ryker Morozov is back from his yearly travel, and his world tour around his branches starts tonight, starting from his China branch in Beijing...

Cheyenne strolled out of the closest room, grabbing the TV remote and turning it off.

She smashed the remote.

"Urg! They're too fast with news in this world, I can't with them. How did they even know Boss has arrived?"

"Are you underestimating his aura?" Sage came out after her, holding a bowl of raspberries.

"He doesn't have to announce, his aura speaks. The money is enough to drive anyone mad." He smiled.

"Stop praising him, my head might just burst on his behalf." Cheyenne replied, and Sage laughed.

"Must have been hard for him, pretending he doesn't like phones just to keep his human world transactions down. Damn." Sage sighed.

"Wonder what's gonna happen if Zeke and Azura finds out of this vast wealth." Cheyenne picked from his raspberries.

"That'll only increase their greed. Am I the only one wanting them to find out? I'd love to see them try." Sage replied, and Cheyenne chuckled.

They both straightened up when Ryker stepped out, his aura snatching the air as usual.

He's wearing a beige color suit, but even the pants—loose pants, moderately fitted jeweled jacket, bulky dress shoes and spicy perfume.

He looks as divine as ever, typical ice god.

"Manager Bao is already waiting to receive you with the branch staffs. They did their best to keep reporters away from the building. Your entry will be easy." Sage reported.

"The branch conference starts at 6, we should arrive in ten minutes." Cheyenne added.

Ryker didn't talk, he just led the way out while they followed, leaving for the park where they all got into one of his custom-made cars.

Cheyenne drove them.

In ten minutes, they arrived at the Beijing branch, a gigantic skyscraper which dwarfed other buildings around it.

Getting out of the car, they met the Manager, Mr. Bao outside the skyscraper. He's waiting in two lines with the higher up member of staffs who're old experienced men, and they all have welcoming smiles on their faces, some holding flowers to welcome him with.

"You took long before returning this year." Manager Bao smiled.

"Had important things to take care of. The board of staffs?" Ryker asked crisply.

"They're in the hall, waiting for your arrival sir. Everything is set for the meeting, but we'll probably end it late. There's a lot to settle." Manager Bao said.

"There's a lot of time between now and dawn, lead the way." Ryker instructed.

"Of course..." The man smiled with another bow, and they went in with the entourage of staffs.

"He doesn't like flowers, he prefers blue roses. Keep the flowers away." Cheyenne told the staffs holding flowers, and they quickly dumped them in the trash.

Getting to the elevator, Ryker's phone buzzed in his suit pocket, and he smiled down when he saw the message sitting on screen from you know who.

Fire: Boss, what exactly are you going to do with my underwear? I feel so naked and I can't even concentrate here. It has been pulsing all day.

His smile broadened, the dimples displaying on his cheeks.

Sage signalled secretly at Cheyenne, they both winked at each other when they saw it.

Ryker set his thumb on the screen, typing back.

Ryker: Who did you kill yet?

Fire: No one, no one came closer yet. It has been one written class to another.

Ryker: You're only allowed to text again when you kill someone.

He pocketed the phone, and the elevator split open, showing them to the top floor where the meeting is happening at.

Everyone got down from the elevator except him.

He stayed back and fisted the underwear out of his pocket, bringing it close to his nose without hesitating.

He sniffed.

This should be enough to fight the pheromones.

It should be enough to get rid of the hormones.

But that was a mistake.

A large one.

--

[Luminaria, Black Swan Ballet School]

Time here is different from the human world.

It's currently 4pm, but school is still full of dancers. Classes have been non-stop.

The five newbies have been taking written ballet classes since morning, no dance practices yet.

They're only just leaving the last written class, and now they have the time to eat their lunch.

It's been a tough first day.

As they made their way to the cafeteria to eat, Shayla's feet was killing her in her heels shoes.

She's bending her heels to walk, and Xena noticed very fast.

"My legs ..." She grunted.

"I have a solution for that..." Xena said, opening her backpack and bringing out flat shoes.

"How come you have this?" Shayla blinked.

"Ryker gave them to me, said you weren't comfortable with heels, so I kept them, waiting for when you'd complain." Xena replied, and Shayla smiled, wondering how he found out about that.

She took them from her, flipped off her heels and put on the flat shoes, feeling much more at ease.

"Can I use the restroom? I need to urinate. Wait here for me." Xena suddenly said, and Shayla nodded.

Xena made her way into the restroom, and Shayla stood outside, viewing Ryker's last message.

She shouldn't text again if she doesn't kill anyone? 

Strict.

She clenched her thighs for the umpteenth time today.

Her throat went dry, the hot scent hitting her nose again.

Is this the pheromone rush Cheyenne talked about? 

Why is she feeling like urinating even when there's no urine in her bladder? She has urinated close to twenty times today.

Also, her back.

The middle of her back.

She's suddenly feeling weird over there. She feels weird and hot, and she feels like eyes are watching her, so she turned around, but no one is in that corner.

She's alone.

"I'm done." Xena came out of the bathroom, and just as they were about to leave, Soren appeared from the corner.

"Follow me" he told Xena.

"Me?" Xena's heart skipped beats.

He simply walked away without replying, and Xena looked at Shayla.

"Go to the cafeteria, I'll be right back."

"If he tries anything funny, send me a message through a bee, I'll come for you." Shayla muttered.

"Of course" Xena smiled, rushing after Soren.

Shayla left that corridor too, and a minute later, Liza came out of one of the corners, looking impressed.

"My daughter looks good, as she should. Guess the demigod is doing his partner job well." She smiled.

--

[Cafeteria]

The former Shayla would have cowered and stepped back the moment she entered the cafeteria, but according to Ryker, she's not supposed to be scared of anyone that's not him, so she entered despite the various evil eyes.

Sadie and Mercury are at a clear side of the care, drinking soy milk and glaring at her.

Kade is on another side, and he's not even sitting down. He's on his feet, sneering at her, harder.

Faye and Blaise occupied another side, they look peaceful, and Faye is even smiling at her.

The cafeteria buzzed with noises from other dancers who're discussing about what they're going to wear to tonight's mirror maze party and how a distant prince is coming to get a bride at the party.

The females are already clamoring on who he's going to chose, and how the party is going to be a one of a kind.

Shayla settled down on a middle table, sitting the lunch pack on the table and setting the dishes in front of herself.

The first thing her eyes caught was dim sum, the pastry her mother used to serve her when she was still living with her, and as she remembered, her mood got ruined.

             {Age 4, Liza's Mansion}

Growing up, Shayla knew her life wasn't the usual bed of roses tales. 

Being a product of rape and a half-breed, she was always in the wrong with her mother Liza, nothing could ever please the woman.

She just finished her dinner for tonight—five pieces of dim sum. She ate them and drank some water from the kitchen kettle cos the freezer isn't open for her.

The moment she drank the warm water, her stomach hurt like hell, but who's she gonna cry to?

She went to the storage room where she sleeps nightly.

She lay on the mat and clutched at her tummy, crying silently.

Even as a 4 year old kid, she knows what pains entails. 

She has been through it more time than she could count.

She was crying silently when Liza barged into the store room. Her stomach is heavy with Kade's pregnancy.

Cruelty flashed across her face when she saw Shayla sleeping on that mat, every existing nasty thing lined in her head for pick.

"How many times do you want me to repeat myself! You don't belong in a bed or even a mat! You should sleep on the floor! Floor!!" She pulled the mat away from Shayla.

"Ma, I'm..I'm sorry. It's just that my stomach has been acting up." Shayla struggled to her knees.

"I am not your ma! Stop calling me ma! I'm not your mother! I might have given birth to you, but it aches to see you always so stop! Every half-breed are always sent to the census office immediately they're birthed, but I had to bribe the managers just to make you spend five years with me, do you know why?" Liza pulled her up by her ear.

"Ma...ma please...it hurts!!" Shayla cried out.

"It's because I want to hurt you as much as your father hurt me! How dare he rape me at my weakest! How dare he put something like you in my stomach! And you, you're just a skinny little idiot who won't know your place! I lost my powers all because of you, and you still turned bold enough to sleep on a mat?" She pulled out a broomstick.

Hellish cries leaked out of Shayla's lips as she began thrashing her with the broomstick, wickedly.

                  {Present Time}

Shayla stopped herself from crying. She held the tears in the brims of her lids, trying to take her mind away from the awful remembrance.

She started eating her meal in the noisy cafe, pushing the dim sum dish away and going for a plate of salad and pasta.

At the same time, she's looking at the door frequently for any sign of Xena.

"Look who's eating with the royals, boldly." Sadie appeared in front of her suddenly.

"I bet she's having the best time of her life. It's a once in a lifetime privilege." Mercury joined her, they both sat in front of her.

"May I join this table too?" Kade appeared too, taking her seat right beside her.

Shayla dropped her fork, looking up.

"What do y'all want from me?" She asked simply.

"A lot, and I mean it." Sadie replied, taking her plate of salad. She spat inside it and gave it to Mercury.

Mercury spat inside it too, and Kade did the same across the table, then they dropped it back for her.

"But," Sadie stood. "Maybe I might reconsider if you eat this " she smiled.

"C'mon, that's what slaves should eat. The fact that you're a lowly partner counts as nothing. The jewelries on your body is just decor, no amount of panel beating can save you according to Sadie." Mercury laughed.

"Clear your plate." Kade added beside her.

Shayla looked at the plate of food, then at the three people surrounding her. She looked around, and she saw everyone staring at that table, expecting the explosion.

Faye and Blaise aren't far from them, and they look the most anxious.

"It's starting." Faye sighed, plopping a grape into her mouth.

"I wonder what's Kade's issue with her though." Blaise said.

Shayla suddenly stood from the chair she's sitting on, but Kade pulled her back by the shoulder.

She stood again, and this time, Sadie and Mercury brought her back to her seat.

"Try to stand again, and you'll die flat on this table. You won't walk out of this cafeteria alive!" Sadie threatened.

Shayla stood, overlooking her threat.

"What can you do to me anyways? You're nothing without your brother. And why hate on me just because I was bought by the demigod? I'm not the cause of your ugly misfortunes." She slammed.

"Oh...she's talking." Mercury stood.

"You really shouldn't have done that." Sadie flipped the table away, wasting the dishes and drawing more attention to that angle.

The cafe is as silent as a graveyard right now, expect for the sound of her harsh breathings as she stomped to Shayla, raising her hand and trying to throw her against the wall.

Mercury and Kade have their hands raised too, the three planning to hot her at the same time.

The death would be clean.

But then...Shayla did the same.

She raised her hand, and Sadie laughed.

"You're really crossing your boundaries, see you in the next life." She muttered, signalling to the others.

They sent her strikes at the same time, but Shayla counterattacked with hers.

She used her mind, doing just as Ryker taught. The three of them flew to the south, east and north sides of the cafeteria, and they sustained injuries on their faces.

Everyone stood, eyes doubling up in wideness and chests thumping with sudden fear.

They could suddenly feel Ryker's aura from her. It's unmistakable.

The silence deepened, and Blaise was the last to stand up beside Faye.

"What's going on? She actually defeated Sadie?" He muttered.

"I knew I was gonna need a drink for today. Gosh!" Faye fawned over Shayla.

Sadie and her co-bullies are still on the ground, groaning.

She mind-linked to Soren, telling him to come to the cafeteria to join her right now, but nothing came.

She stood to her feet, Mercury and Kade joined her again.

For the second time, they tried their lucks, but Shayla swayed to the south, plucking the windows from the cafe with her mind.

The glass windows came crashing on the heads of all three of them. 

It even entered Kade and Sadie's bodies like clothes, and their flesh got cut with the window blades in several places.

Gasps. Screams. Yells.

Everything loud filled the cafeteria at the same time, and Mercury was the first to fall on her knees, tears falling out of her eyes.

Shayla stood there, stunned by her own doings, but she likes it. This power. This control.

She's enjoying it.

Slowly, she lifted the fallen table head, bringing it to both Kade and Sadie.

"Oh no..." Blaise muttered.

"RIP Sadie Millions!!!" Faye screamed, tension crawling into the cafe again.

--

[Human World, Frost H2O Meeting]

Ryker's mind has been on a loop since the start of the meeting.

Not a single thing is entering his ears. It's like someone had the two blocked with some cotton.

Now it's not even only the pheromone rush. The underwear with him is making him crazy, and he's getting sudden coldness which is not even supposed to happen.

His body is shaking, and at the same time, his head is hazing out.

The words of the senior staffs who're making reports and showcasing their new products came as white noise to him. He's not hearing anything.

It got worse with the minutes, seconds... milliseconds.

Sage leaned into him.

"Boss, are you ok?" He asked the question.

Ryker couldn't even answer.

He froze the meeting hall, and all staffs went frozen on their seats and feet. Everyone iced up except Cheyenne and Sage.

"Five minutes." Ryker stood from his swivel,. He conjured a gateway on the wall, and he left through the gateway.

"Not understanding anything at the moment." Sage said confusedly.

"Me neither." Cheyenne said.

--

[Luminaria, Ballet School]

Three steps.

Shayla was only able to take three steps forward with the table head.

Before she could even get near them, her morale went down.

It's like something fell from her body, and she immediately realized it's the pill. The pill power time is up, and now she's back to normal.

The table head fell from her, and Mercury stood when she noticed that.

Sadie and Kade are still on the ground, bleeding and crying loudly especially Kade.

"You're dead!" Mercury spat, taking the table head and coming for her.

Shayla stepped back, her back meeting with the wall.

"No." Faye muttered.

She almost ran to the scene, but cold icy air suddenly entered the cafeteria, sharing flu and chills to the skin of everyone.

Some even went blind when it entered their eyes, and by the time it disappeared, Shayla was already gone.

Mercury flung herself back to the ground, spitting blood.

"What was that?" Faye stopped midway as everyone stood from their hiding spots like.

Blaise looked at Sadie and Kade on the ground, and he clicked his tongue.

"The mighty has fallen."

--

[East Palace, Heartless Tower]

Shayla didn't understand anything till she arrived here, and she felt a huge sense of relief when she saw who took her away from the school...

Ryker.

He's right in front of her, looking dashing in a suit. It's the first time she'd be seeing him wear that, and that colour is just... Perfect.

He's looking at her hungrily, and she has no idea why he looks like that. His lips are slightly parted, and his jaws kept moving up, down.

"I would have killed them, but the pill power ended, and I was robbed of my glory. Hope you're not mad about that, I'll do better next time. Also, I dunno but the middle of my back kept feeling weird, and I've been feeling like urinating but whenever I visited the restroom, there was no pee, and—"

"It's not urine, Shayla." He cut her off with a silent mutter, eyes unchanging.

Shayla gasped. He just called her by her name!

"It's not urine, you're wet." He whispered deeply, his throat moving up and down again.

"You...you just called my name." She whispered shockingly.

"Congratulations on getting into the school in top 1, Firefly." He hushed, and UNEXPECTEDLY, his mouth lowered into her face.

He kissed her lips.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright © 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 39&40.

I'LL BE VERY BUSY THIS WEEK, SO YOU'LL WORK HARD FOR THE CHAPTERS BEFORE I CAN POST.

If I come home by 7 and requirements are incomplete, forget about a chapter.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share. Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow or I'm not dropping.

★

Shayla's eyes went wide with a big bulge, almost pushing the balls out of their sockets.

Instantly, a slim line of sweat fell from her temple, rolling down her chin before dropping on her chest.

Her ears went red.

Ryker's lips didn't move, it sat there softly on hers, as if waiting for her approval.

Her eyes kept fluttering—they refused to close. Her body went paused, she couldn't move, but she could already taste him on her tongue.

Ryker's eyes are open, too. He could feel the lusciousness of her lips already, and It only made his hunger worse.

His right hand went to hold her face, angling it up properly.

She gasped into his mouth, her mouth opened in the process. He deepened the kiss, capturing her whole lips and stealing her breaths.

Her right hand grabbed his suit jacket, fisting it as shaky breaths escaped her nostrils.

Her eyes went shut before she knew it, and Ryker took that as a sign. He began moving, eating her lips hard.

He didn't use the tongue though, considering the fact that she doesn't even know how to kiss yet.

He just ate her, licked and sucked on the two parts, parting her mouth and sighing inside, eating her gasps and stealing all of her softness away.

Her tenderness and innocence are so sweet that he couldn't even get enough no matter how hard he ate.

He only got hungrier, and his groans got heavier, his pace snapped.

He spiralled.

Her hold on his suit tightened to a knot, and her breaths stopped coming as she tried to respond as sweetly as possible, but despite his intentional slowness, she still wasn't able to match up.

Also, the heat in the middle of her naked legs is getting worse. She's aching so bad. It's beating like an heart, and she began feeling the need to pee again.

It was wilder than the ones she felt in school, she couldn't control it this time. She felt it crawling out of her opening, and she gently pushed his chest with her second hand.

Despite his desperate need to satisfy his mad hunger, Ryker was attentive. 

He pulled away from her when he felt the push. He broke the kiss, her pink lips looking pale as their eyes met again.

She looks embarrassed, and scared.

"I think... maybe I peed on myself." She said, blinking her eyes away from him.

He caught her chin, making sure she's staring at his eyes.

"I told you, it's not pee. You're simply wet. It's the pheromones." He whispered.

"Is that why you kissed me too? The pheromones?" She asked, searching his eyes for answers as tension soared between them.

Ryker didn't talk, but his expression is too dark to read.

"And...what does wetness mean?" She asked, causing his brows to twitch.

She doesn't even know that? 

She has been too sheltered away from this cruel world, lived all her life in a cage, so it's understandable.

"Come here." he pulled her to the bed, pushing her to sit down on it.

He went on a knee in front of her, then he held her laps, trying to spread her legs, but she held back.

His eyes rode up to hers, and he saw a lot of doubt in there.

"What are you going to do to me?" She asked, slightly shaky.

"Do you trust me?" He asked in a hush.

She nodded once.

"Words, Firefly." He reminded.

"I do" she corrected.

"Spread your legs, let me take a look at the situation down there." He said.

Shayla rested her palms on the mattress, fisting the bedsheets tight, then slowly...she opened her thighs.

It took an extra minute after she did it before Ryker shifted his eyes there

Just like he expected, she's freshly soaked, and it's not the normal kind.

It's much.

She needs touches. Deep, sensual strokes. She needs them.

The sweet scent of her coochie made the darkness in his eyes intensify, his mind went numb together with everything pulsing inside him.

It's like time stopped, he couldn't control the influence.

His fingers started going there, crawling towards her wet entrance, riding on her thighs and drawing invisible sèx lines on her skin.

The jewel rings on his fingers went deadly cold against her skin, and Shayla held her breaths, her toes shaking on the ground.

She grabbed the bedspread again. 

The closer his hand got to her entrance, the more breathless she became.

His finger was just an inch away from her pink clîtoris when his phone rang in his suit pocket, and that shattered the ice building in the moment. It shattered the tension.

His hand stopped, and Shayla's breaths came back.

He withdrew his hand and pulled out the stupid ringing phone.

'Sage' flashed on the screen.

With a unsatisfied sigh, he swiped green, standing up.

"Boss, you said five minutes but it's ten minutes already. The gateway you created is starting to close. Also, the ice is starting to melt without you here." Sage reported.

"My ice?" Ryker frowned, getting serious.

"Yes, you froze the staffs but they're starting to melt even without you." Sage replied.

Ryker hung up immediately, he turned around to see Shayla is already standing behind him.

He took her underwear out of his pocket, then he took her palm and placed it there.

Another look into her eyes, he was already walking out of the bedroom.

But she quickly held the tip of his suit jacket with two fingers, and that was enough to stop him.

He turned to her again.

"I feel better, strangely. Is it because of the kiss?" She asked.

"Obviously?" He replied.

Her smile widened.

"I like it though...the kiss. I like it so much." She shyly said, taking her bottom lip into her mouth.

Ryker felt his throat moving again.

Darn, this shouldn't be happening when he has so much to settle in the human world right now.

"I'll send Cheyenne to take care of you. Rest here and prepare for your maze party." He said.

"Are you going somewhere?"

"To the human world, I've got too much to settle." He answered.

"Oh..." She quickly let go of his suit. "You should go quickly then, but can I have another pill?"

"I conjured the pill power from my FrostOrb, and you're fire, Shayla. If you take too much ice energy, you'll suffer backlash." He explained.

"Right...I didn't know." She muttered.

His eyes caught something on the floor, and he bent slightly to pick it up. It's her left earring.

"It must have fallen" she said.

Ryker brushed her hair behind her ear, giving him access to her ear. He wore it back for her.

"You're not comfortable with the long hair, I'll have it cut to shoulder level soon." He said.

"No no! You used your power to make it as long as this, so don't cut it. I like it, and I've grown comfortable with it." She quickly said.

"And the heels?" He asked.

"I'm still trying to adjust to that, for now." she replied sincerely.

"Wear flats to the party, and don't drink alcohol. Not even a drop." He said, rubbing her earlobe.

"Yes, My Lord." She smiled brightly.

He responded with a light smile which made her eyes gleam.

He's got dimples? They're beautiful!

But before she could comment about them, he has already teleported out of the room, leaving her to herself.

She sat back on the king-sized bed, peering at the underwear on her palm. He really gave it back to her in his bedroom.

She looked around his huge bedroom, taking in the smell of his petals and his godly aura.

But everything flashed from her memory when she remembered Xena. 

"Xena!" She stood from the bed, rushing out of the room.

She bumped into Cheyenne by the door, and Cheyenne held her before she could fall.

"Why the run, Tiny?" 

"Xena. I left her in school. Soren came to get her before I went to the cafeteria alone, so—"

"She's fine." Cheyenne cut her off.

"How are you so sure?" Shayla asked in confusion.

"Before Lord Ryker sent you both to the school, he made plans, so if she wasn't fine, he would have known, and would have gone to the school to get her himself." Cheyenne explained.

"Oh..." Shayla sounded, frowning and giving her lip a slight bite when she felt the subtle feeling in the middle of her back again.

"You good?" Cheyenne asked.

"The middle of my back, I've been feeling odd." Shayla replied.

Cheyenne's lids went up."Did you just say the middle of your back?"

She went behind Shayla, pulled her blouse up to view her back.

There's still no mark, but the middle has a red line, and it's hotter than the rest of her skin.

Cheyenne gasped.

"I think your mark is preparing to show. I think so. You're getting your fire soon."

"Seriously?" Shayla turned to her, eyes wide.

"Trust me." Cheyenne replied.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School]

The party starts by 8, and it's still only 6pm, so there's still time to laze around and chat about the happenings from two hours ago.

It's all-over the lumi web and every other small tabloids in the city, both magical and ordinary.

Kade King, son of Liza King.

Mercury Vega, daughter of Esme Vega.

Sadie Millions, Grand Princess of the East Palace.

The three important ballerinas got thrashed and wounded brutally by Shayla, a slave from the East Palace.

The three of them have been taken to the Haven for alchemists treatment, but according to the reports flying around, their wounds are refusing to heal.

Faye and Blaise sat in a corner at the graffiti hall, both laughing as they checked out their phones, going to every web to read the hashtags.

"Someone said that was the first time they saw Sadie's tears." Blaise said.

"So that witch can actually cry? Oh heavens, I love Shayla for this." Faye replied.

"I still don't know what is Kade's problem with her though." Blaise wondered loudly.

"Isn't he your best friend? Ask him." Faye shrugged.

"And who do you think came for her?" Blaise wondered again.

"Are you retarded? Of course it's the demigod. Do you know how many dancers went blind cos of the cold wind? He once saved you, I believe you should have recognized his aura by now." Faye rolled eyes.

"But...what's the source of Shayla's sudden power? She's fire, so of it was her power, we should see fire." Blaise spoke again.

"Now I'm getting really tired of your questions. She's the demigod's partner, of course he knows how to keep his partner safe. He probably injected her with some magic potion." Faye rolled eyes again.

"Be kind with your words, and stop rolling eyes at me." Blaise said, and Faye scoffed.

"Wait...what are you feeling like? Just because I'm here talking to you doesn't mean we're close, so you have no right to chose how I talk to you. You're the same person who named your late dog by my name." She stood, grabbing her juice cup.

"You hate my mother Kasia, I hate your father Astor too, that's enough reason to make me mad." Blaise stood in defense.

"Wrong," Faye flashed a finger across his face. "I hated your mother, but not anymore. I've decided to reason with her, she's a good woman who's trying to get her place back in this city, and I'll do all I can to help her cos...my father really loves her." 

She grabbed her bag and gave him a fake smile.

"I'm gonna go dress up for the maze party, maybe the distant prince might notice me." She said, and walked out.

Blaise sat back with a humph.

He took his own cup of juice, but it's emoty, just ice.

In frustration, he poured the ice in his mouth and chewed, getting his phone to go back to the web.

"Tommorow is the dark room auction for this month? Last slave auction was two months ago, and that was Shayla. The auction didn't hold last month cos the slave committed suicide." He read, scrolling up.

"Prince of Eclypseria—the second most populated non-human city, will be coming to Luminaria to chose a bride for himself." He read.

"Wait..." He looked up. "Is he the same Prince Dyke who'll be coming here tonight to chose a bride? Is he even handsome?" He scoffed.

He clicked on his picture, nodding.

"I'll give him a seven over ten for the looks. Let's see what tonight is going to look like." He sighed, chewing on the ice again before standing.

He left the hall.

At the back of that same hall, Soren and Xena are sitting.

There's a closed compartment which can only be accessed by exclusive dancers, and Soren occupied the compartment with her.

He's sitting on a table, and she's sitting on a chair opposite him.

He's with his qin, not playing it, but he has been admiring it for long. It's obvious he adores that instrument.

His earpods are in his ears, but he's not listening to any music.

Xena has asked why they are here close to ten times, but he hasn't replied at all.

It's like he's not hearing her, and it's becoming too unbearable.

Shayla said Ryker gave her some power pill, so she'd be safe from the bullies, but still... she's worried.

"You...haven't told me why we're here?" She spoke up again, and this time, Soren looked up, loosening the cufflinks on his shirt sleeves before adjusting on the table. His belt moved up his waist slightly.

"Do you need a kick?" He talked back.

"I don't mean to disrespect, but that kick would be preferable right now. Just kick me and let me go. I'm worried about Shay." She stood.

"Sit down." He replied.

"Kick me." She came closer.

"Sit down!" He growled.

"Kick me" she came closer again.

Without warning, he stood from the table, and she quickly moved back, losing all boldness till her back fell on the compartment wall.

He stopped right in front of her, his boot pressing the front of her heels.

She swallowed, looking out of the small window.

"Aren't you older than me?" He asked rhetorically.

"So what? You're more powerful." She replied anyways.

"Not without my sister. You could kill me here right now with you animal summoning ability, I won't be able to fight back." He said, and she finally looked at him, the space between them so congested.

"Why are you doing this?" She breathed frustratedly.

"I erased their memories the last time during the break-in. Why do you think they didn't remember the bees you summoned?" He replied dryly, and her eyes widened a bit.

"You did?"

Soren stepped back, checking out his qin obsessively again.

"Why? Why would you do that?" Xena came to him.

"Why should I tell you?" He snickered.

"Then why did you bring me here?" She asked, frustratedly.

"To stay away from the outside world for a bit. I needed company, and I chose you." He replied without expression, swinging the door open.

He walked out of the compartment.

"Such a weirdo" Xena muttered, staring at the door.

"He erased the memory of his twin sister? Why?" She asked herself.

Someone else entered the compartment, and she jumped, thinking he came back, but she relaxed when she saw Cheyenne.

"Cheyenne?" 

"Tiny is back at the tower, I'm taking you to prepare for the party with her." Cheyenne said.

--

[School Treatment Haven]

Sadie, Kade and Mercury are on different beds, but recuperation is far from them. 

They're not healing.

Sadie is worse since she received the largest hits. She has bandages all-over her body, arms and around her head. She looks like a ghost.

Kade only has bandages on his face and chest, but Mercury's wounds are minimal. She's only wounded on the forehead, just a little plaster.

Director Esme is beside her.

She's the only available parent apart from the alchemists.

Kade is still cussing on his seat, but Sadie can't even talk. She just lay in bed, thinking of Soren.

She mind-linked with him earlier, and she was sure he's in the school premises cos she felt him, but he didn't show up.

He left her at the mercy of the lowly slave, and now she became a laughingstock for everybody.

Sadie never cries, but that slave made her cry, and that's something she's going to make her pay for.

"Are you ok?" Esme asked Mercury who's sitting up in her bed.

"Yeah, just slight pain on my temples. I need to go though." Mercury stood.

"Go where?" Esme stood too.

"Told you I have a soul shift to do. I'll be at the party after I'm done with it." Mercury replied, wearing a face cap to keep her face away.

She left the Haven.

Almost immediately, Liza came in, and Blaise entered, too.

"Kade!" Liza rushed over to Kade's bedside.

"Buddy, your face got ruined again."  Blaise commented mockingly.

Kade grinded his jaws.

"Your daughter did this to me, and she's going to pay. I dunno what entered that bîtch, but I'm going to make her regret it." He threatened silently, making sure only Liza heard.

"Can you just calm?" Liza rubbed his shoulders.

Her eyes went up, and she smirked when she saw Esme. The hate between them is obvious cos Esme gave her a bitter look too.

"Sadie?" Zeke walked majestically into the Haven. Everyone stood.

"Greetings, Grand Supreme!" They bowed to his royalty.

He didn't even have time to reply, he walked to Sadie's side, shocked to see her condition.

"How did this happen! How!!" He faced Esme.

"The slave girl brought by Ryker." Esme replied.

"Shayla? How come?" Zeke straightened.

"I believe Ryker himself was here too, some students went blind." Esme replied, and Zeke huffed.

"Let's talk in your office." 

Esme followed him out, and Sadie started trying to stand from the bed, but the alchemists stopped her.

"Don't overexert yourself, it's dangerous for the wounds."

"Don't touch me!" She pushed them off, standing on her own. 

Blood soaked her Haven gown from her body wounds.

"Bring Soren to me, find him even if he has entered the low ground. Bring him to my face, now!!!" She yelled, holding her head crazily.

Two alchemists ran out.

--

[Director's Office]

"Does this mean her mark is showing already?" Esme asked.

She entered first, and Zeke marched behind her.

"Nope, that can't be it. If it was her fire, she'd burn them. Ryker must have fed her something." He replied.

Esme turned to face him. "Are you going to let him continue his deeds? He's like a tyrant at this rate."

"Don't you trust me?" Zeke came closer.

She rested her body on her desk.

"To everybody, I'm weaker than Azura, but if only they know...if only they know who I am." He smiled.

Esme smiled, pulling him closer with the neckline of his regalia.

"And where is that foolish wife of yours?" She asked.

"I gave her something to keep her busy in the palace." He held her waist 

"Does she even know she's just a side character? Does she know I'm the real Madame of the palace? Is she aware that we're getting rid of her soon?" She smirked.

"She's not meant to know yet" Zeke laughed, and Esme joined him.

"I agreed to invite Prince Dyke from Eclipseria cos of you, I dunno the deal you had with his father, but I hope it's fruitful." She said.

"He wants a bride as a signature of the friendship between I and his father, and this school is where the most good-looking people from this city is, so this party is just the right place." He explained.

"Well...I missed you, sweetheart." Esme dragged her arms around him.

"I love you." Zeke replied, and their lips met tightly, the lights in the office went off.

--

[East Palace, Bamboo Groove]

Azura didn't have to do much, dragging Old Chef here was easy. 

She easily binded him with ropes and pulled him like an animal.

She pushed him down face-first beside the cold pure pool, his neck stayed over the wall, suspending his face inside.

Azura held up a kitchen knife, brandishing it with the moonlight with leaked in through the tiny spaces between the bamboo leaves.

The sight of it made Old Chef shiver beneath, his body went rigid when she squatted beside him.

"Where was your wife buried anyways? Or was her body burned?" She asked in a low whisper.

"She was...was... burned." Old Chef stuttered, feeling the blade of the knife flattening against his neck vein.

"So...do you want your son's body to be burned or buried when he dies?" Azura asked, smiling diabolically.

"What do you mean bury?" Old Chef struggled suddenly, slowly getting what's going on.

"Cos your son's dying soon, and you'll be behind it." Azura replied, stabbing the knife into his neck vein.

The vein split into two.

His blood stained the edges of the pool, and tears automatically ran out of his wretched eyes.

"Good. Don't worry, you won't die yet. You'll be healed. You only have to cry." Azura whispered, pushing his face closer to the pool.

Drip. Drip.

Two teardrops fell inside.

--

[Human World, Frost H2O]

It's 5am in the morning, and the meeting is just ending.

The staffs are trooping out of the hall, looking stressed and tired.

The new jewelry designs are still on the show glasses in the middle of the round table, dazzling as the practical lights hit them.

Though, Ryker's eyes are on the glasses, he's not really here.

His ice was already melting from the staffs when he returned earlier, and it's only because of Shayla.

He has lived for years without her fire, but now that she's here, he needs that fire to keep functioning well, but Rumi ruined things by hiding it. 

The heavens did the most by not giving him power over her mark, so there's nothing he could do but wait for Rumi to take the bait, or rather grow a love thread for Shayla which he's seeing as impossible.

Him?

How would he ever grow one when all he thinks about always is blood, killings and revenge?

He's too ruined for that.

He pulled himself out of his thoughts by relaxing on his swivel.

By now, every member of staff left the hall except one of them.

He sat across Ryker on the table, hair evenly white with a tricky smile on his mischievous face.

"Meeting over, what are you still waiting for?" Sage questioned.

"Waiting for this hot-tempered god to recognize who I am." The man chuckled.

In another minute, Ryker teleported from his seat to the man, grabbing him by the neck and bringing his back to the table, hard.

"Urgh!! That's more like you!" He groaned.

"Eternus." Ryker muttered.

"I knew he'd recognize me." Eternus laughed again, and Ryker's hand left his neck.

He sat up on the table.

"Thanks to you, my soul entered this young human body, and luckily, it's not as weak as I expected." He said.

"And you decided to perch on my company?" Ryker walked away from him as he talked.

"Of course, it's safer." Eternus cleared his throat, jumping down from the table.

"Eternus?" Sage came closer, sounding and looking shocked as he stared at him.

"Your boss stabbed me with his deathbite dagger when I took him to Eclipseria, he killed my former old body." Eternus narrated.

"Oh...Epic." Sage smiled.

"You're starting to feel it, right? The pheromones that'd drive you both crazy till you grow your own personal feelings." Eternus said.

Ryker faced him.

"And you're starting to feel the decrease in your power grip, meaning you have to be faster. Grow a love thread and make the mark appear, or make Rumi come faster and lift the mark cover." Eternus continued, getting serious.

"She must get it out before the Feast, I'm sure you know both East and West Palace have plans for it, so be fast. She'd probably be feeling pains on her back by now...the mark doesn't like staying hidden for long." 

"Pains?" Ryker frowned, remembering how Shayla mentioned feeling weird in the middle of her back earlier.

"Yeah, pains that's enough to make her mad." Eternus replied.

Cheyenne bursted into the hall suddenly. She looks impatient.

"How the hell are you here?" Ryker glared, looking pissed already.

"Her mark might be coming out soon, the middle of her back is red." Cheyenne announced.

"Oh...that's the hidden mark pain starting. The pain becomes highly unbearable if there's burning fire around her." Eternus said.

"Mark pain?" Cheyenne said in confusion.

"I clearly told you to stay there with her!" Ryker snapped.

"I thought she'd be ok. I thought you gave her another pill, so I dropped her and Xena at the maze and came here. I had called to inform you of my coming, but you weren't picking." Cheyenne explained.

Ryker tried opening another wall gateway to travel back to Luminaria immediately, but it won't open.

"You know there's a limit to how many times you can travel to Luminaria within twenty hours, right? You might have exceeded your limit. You'll have to wait till the sun goes down." Eternus said behind.

Ryker faced him, eyes burning like cold balls of fire.

"I'm going back, even if I have to force the gateway open. She can't suffer alone. I'm not allowing that." He replied, slamming the doors close with his mind.

The skies rumbled outside, and ice started raining aggressively only inside that hall. 

He started conjuring the wall gate, forcefully. His palm slashed in the middle, and his blood dropped on the ice, strengthening the force.

"Boss, it's dangerous!" Sage tried to go closer, but Eternus pulled him back.

"Too late."

--

[Luminaria, Mount Zhitomir]

Mercury is here with her clients already.

Pearl and Lilith.

The place smells of rotten blood from the slaughter last month, and Mercury was smiling as she inhaled.

A metal bowl is in front of her, sitting on a stone. Inside the bowl, there's a lotta blood—pig blood.

Pearl is sitting on a wooden chair already, her blind eyes are folded with a black piece of cloth.

Lilith is behind them.

On top of the blood, there's a conjure bell, hanging on a black rope.

"Why must it be pig blood though?" Lilith asked, and Mercury faced her.

"Cos it's easier to work with. I'm exchanging her soul for her sight, she needs something dark, full of impurities like a pig to support the switch." She explained.

"Fine, shall we?" Lilith replied.

"Ready?" Mercury asked Pearl who has been silent on the chair.

"Yeah." Pearl replied, and Mercury took a deep breath.

She started by releasing the bell from the black rope, and it fell loudly into the bowl of blood.

--

[Mirror Maze Party]

Shayla has never attended a party all her life, and this one being the first, she has plans to make the most of it, except that she won't drink.

Cheyenne had picked out clothes for her and Xena. Hers is a beautiful robe which covered her body well, and she likes it.

She has always wondered how Ryker feels in those black robes of his, and finally she got to feel it tonight, though her own robe is pink.

She's skipping her feet on her white sneakers, the decorative jewels on her hair dancing with her moves as they entered the mirror maze.

Music pounded the grounds and walls, fellow ballerinas from the school milled everywhere.

Noises even went above the trap music at a point.

It's full, and one could see their own multiple reflections on the irregularly mirrored walls.

"Whoa, it's ai beautiful in here..." Shayla turned around when they entered the inner part of the maze which is less crowded.

Her reflection on the mirror is like ten, and she chuckled.

"You look extra happy, apart from beating the bullies, what else happened?" Xena asked beside her.

She's wearing heels, so she's taller. Even naturally, she's taller, she looks like a real older sister.

"Yeah... something else really happened." Shayla smiled.

"What happened?" Xena came closer curiously.

Shayla looked around to make sure there's no one close, then she leaned in to Xena's ear.

"He kissed me" she whispered.

"Wait, what!" Xena gasped.

Shayla quickly covered her mouth. "Don't be too loud."

Xena nodded, and Shayla took her hand away.

"He did? Ryker?" Xena said, batting her lids in disbelief.

She brought out cookies from her belt bag, giving Shayla one pack since they've been warned never to eat or drink anything here.

"Hmm! Smells good!" Shayla inhaled the cookies, closing her eyes in over-exaggeration.

"You're so cute" Xena laughed. "You like the kiss that much?"

"Yeah" Shayla blushed, and Xena pulled her cheeks fondly.

"Hey, heroine!" Faye appeared, butting into their conversation.

Xena quickly pushed Shayla behind herself protectively.

"You're from the West Palace." She said, and Faye smiled.

"Yeah, chill. I don't bite. I'm Faye, and i want to thank Shayla for giving us a show today. Mhua!" She blew kisses, and Xena made faces.

"Thank you..." Shayla said behind.

"Yeah, by the way be careful. Prince Dyke from Eclipseria is here, and I heard he doesn't show his face to just anyone. He's only gonna appear to anyone he chooses, and no one has the right to decline him. Anyone he chooses, goes to Eclipseria with him." Faye explained.

"Like kidnapping?" Shayla asked.

"If you put it that way, have fun! The game starts in ten minutes." Faye waved and left.

"That sounds like a problem already, Prince Dyke?" Xena muttered.

Shayla came out behind her.

"He'd probably chose girls from wealthy families with connections to royalty. We're safe, let's go deeper and check out the maze well before the game starts." Shayla said.

"Sure" Xena replied, but just as they were about to move, she got a slithering feel.

She stopped, turning around sharply.

Her twin bond is flaring up. She could feel it in her core.

Rumi is close. 

She's here somewhere.

She rushed down that lane, turning left and right, but it's empty. No one.

Did she feel wrong?

She squinted, looking left and right again. Still nothing.

She blew it off and turned back, but Shayla is nowhere to be found anymore.

"Shay?"

"Shay!" She ran forward.

--

The maze must be a magically planted one, cos one minute, Shayla was following Xena, and in another minute, she found herself in another part of the maze.

She turned around, her robe flowing with her, but instead of Xena, her head knocked into a hard chest.

The scent of strong smoke that hit her immediately was thick and sleep-inducing.

Her eyes went drowsy.

She closed it and opened it, trying to fight the sleep, but it won anyways.

Her cookie nylon fell from her as her arms went down weakly, and the cookies pieces scattered around the mirrored ground.

Her eyes closed, and her head fell against the hard chest.

Two of the decorative gold and crystals in her hair fell off, and her lips opened slightly.

"Moy...Vladika." She muttered before the sleep went deeper.

She slept off completely.

The long veiny hand of the person curved around her slim waist, and the second hand came up to her face, his big thumb pressing her lips.

"Found the one." His gravelly voice said, belonging to the distant prince.

Prince Dyke of Eclipseria.

His eyes flashed sharp green, and the beam enveloped them both.

He vanished with her.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 31&32

My plan: to post throughout this week. Y'all can muddle that by messing with the engagement anyday. I won't hesitate before going off.

Let's make up for the lost days and cover up this week, y'all.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share. Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow.

★

[Kings Mansion]

Ryker and his knights left about a minute ago, and the lost peace is starting to crawl back into the abode.

Liza is currently smoothening her nightwear. She's thankful that he didn't kill her.

For someone known for his blood-spilling kink, she's lucky to still be alive.

She strolled down the living room and had a seat, at the same time she's still trying to calm her shaky nerves.

She could still feel him in this house after he's gone. Just how strong is his goddamn presence?

Kade is still by the ruined dinning table, trying to heal his broken head, but no amount of energy is enough to do it. It's like Sage poisoned the wound, so it won't be easy to close.

He kept sniffling as he wiped blood from the surface of the wound, repeatedly with a piece of cloth.

"He doesn't want her dead? How!!!" He suddenly yelled, dumping the piece of cloth.

"If he kills his partner and steals her FireStone to merge with his own FrostOrb inside him, that's the only way for him to attain stage 3 of his powers! That's the only way he'd become truly untouchable!"

"That is the only way for him to ascend to the Nine Heavens and live forever as a Celestial Being! You once told the story so I know it! But what? He's not interested in killing her? He's not interested in that insane power? It's a lie! There must be something stopping him. He must be planning something, it's a damn lie!" 

He was panting as he spilled the words out of his itching throat, his tongue and head bled more.

"Save your strength, Kade, your wounds won't heal unless you calm your arteries and veins, you're poisoned." Liza cautioned from the living room.

"Zip it, mother! How do you expect me to move on from this?" Kade stalked to the living room, pulling her up from the couch.

"I've been waiting for this day all my life, waiting to meet him face-to-face and tell him who the wretched partner is, but I got disappointed. There has to be another way, I and your daughter can't coexist, especially now that she'd be known as the demigoddess. I can't take that!" 

"Do you only hate her because she's your stepsister? Or is there another reason to your blind hatred for her when she did absolutely nothing wrong to you?" Liza said.

Kade plowed her back to the couch with a very rough push. Her toes got wounded by the soles of his boots.

"Kade..." She looked up at him, her eyes streaked.

"If one day it gets out that the product of rape is my stepsister, you have no idea how my pride would be hurt! She won't be the reason I lose my status in this city. If the demigod won't kill her, I'll do it myself!"

With that declaration, he picked the bloodstained piece of cloth back from where he had dropped it, then he stormed out of the house.

Liza rearranged her hair, letting out a sigh. She turned on the humidifier on the table and relaxed on the couch.

'Rumi, you better hide well. You can't lift the spell till the day we both discussed. You can't let your brother catch you till then. This is the only way I can get my power back, and the only way my daughter can survive on her own' she thought.

She shut her eyes.

--

[East Palace, Heartless Tower]

Ryker descended with his knights at the entrance, and as they walked through the hall railings together, he he received questions as expected.

"Why can't you lift the mark cover  spell by yourself?" Sage asked.

"I was about to say that. We now know why Rumi has been running, and there's a great probability that she might be another villain. You should lift the spell yourself." Cheyenne added.

"Each god to his own power, I have power over my ice, not her fire.
I haven't ascended to the Nine Heavens, there's still limitations to my powers." Ryker replied without stopping his walk. Their steps followed behind him.

"You have no power over her fire, but Rumi does?" Sage asked.

"Rumi didn't seal her powers," Ryker stopped to face them at this point.

"She only covered the mark, but unluckily, that mark is the key to her powers. Without it's appearance, she's just an ordinary mortal with slight warmth." He explained.

"Then finding Rumi won't be easy. I dunno why she agreed to cover the mark in the first place, but something tells me it's not a good reason." Cheyenne said.

"More reason to protect the partner. There are too many eyes on her." Sage nodded.

"Return to your quarters for the night." Ryker ordered.

They didn't argue. With synchronized bows, they left the hallway.

Ryker resumed his journey to his Phoria. That's the name of his resting place in this tower.

His walk came to a sudden halt when he saw a scene by the door of the orchard.

Shayla sat there on the treasure polished ground, body leaning against the wall and her hand holding the osmanthus candy pack. 

She must have fallen asleep while eating them, and thanks to the warmness of her body, the candies are already melting.

Ryker completed his stride, stopping in front of her peaceful image. 

He stared down at her for longer than he could calculate, then he took his seat beside her.

He stared ahead for just one second before his eyes returned to her own, and he smiled faintly.

He took the melting candy gently from her palm. It has left grease on her skin, and it's glossing.

He set the candy pack beside himself, making sure it made no noise before he returned his gaze to her again.

Even in her sleep, he could hear her stomach rumbling, meaning she didn't eat dinner yet.

That rumble made her lashes stir, and her eyes fluttered open, drowsy at first but not for long.

They brightened up so much when she saw him, and she smiled instantly. "You're back"

"There's a bed in your room" he replied without taking his eyes away from hers, and she blinked once.

"I didn't sleep here on purpose. I was waiting for you cos I felt lonely alone here, and I didn't know when I slept off." She said with a little bite to her bottom lip.

"Are you angry about it?"

"That's a feeling I'm not ready to share tonight." He replied, pointing two fingers forward.

Additional lights came on in that hallway immediately, showering them both with more brightness.

Shayla stood, staring up at them with pleased eyes. The lights seemed to lighten her mood even more, and her happiness showed in the way her lids refused to flutter.

"They're so beautiful. I've never seen many lights at once all my life. You're so cool, My Lord."

"What's cool about excess lights?" He replied from where he's sitting, and she looked down at him.

"It's cool! You might have spent your days in total brightness, but in the dark room cage, there was no light. In the slaves hall corridor, there was only bleak dull lights. At Granny's place, she didn't like lights at all, so I'll cherish this one." She said, returning her eyes to the lights.

Ryker stayed quiet, he just watched her walking around and trying to touch the ray of lights which is impossible, so she chased with soft laughter.

Blue fireflies blinked into the hall, and Shayla stopped her ray chase, wondering where they came from.

They got so many that she could feel their blinking lights bathing her skin, a beautiful addiction to the numerous electric lights.

She faced Ryker who's still sitting there, and she smiled as she went back to sit beside him.

"Did you do it, the fireflies?"

"Who else would summon such beauties in this city?" He replied, and she smiled widely.

"So arrogant, it's a flex at this point" she muttered.

"I heard that." he replied, and their eyes met for the first time this night.

"Sorry, but you're really a bit arrogant, but it's cool." She said, maintaining their eye contact.

"Is everything about me cool to you?" He questioned.

"Yes" she replied without thinking.

"Even this?" He turned his face away, and by the time he looked at her again, his face is completely bloody.

"No!" She gasped. "Not this one!"

She shifted back once, but his hand grabbed her wrist.

He pulled her closer, making sure she's staring directly at that blood.

"Do you hate blood?" He asked, feeling her fear on his own skin.

She's starting to shake again.

"Yes... there's nothing... appealing about blood anyways." She stuttered.

"I told you..." He let go of her wrist and slid that arm around her waist, pulling her closer than before.

Her breaths hitched, and his second hand held her whole chin. Her lips flattened in the process.

"Do not stutter when you talk to me, Firefly." He said, voice gravelly.

"I'm trying...but the blood." She said gently, her chest pounding.

The blood wiped from his face, and she took a deep breath.

"What job do you do? Why are you so madly rich?" She asked straight.

"Where is that question coming from?" He smirked, letting go of her waist but still holding her chin.

"Curiousness." She replied in a crooked voice, her chin resembling an egg on his palm.

Her stomach rumbled for the second time, and she held it, her eyes drooping to his own.

"I don't have to cook, I'll just take fruits from the orchard. But there's nothing to pluck with." She said.

He let go of her chin and stood, making his way to the orchard.

"Are you going to get me some, My Lord?" She went after him with a short run, her forehead nearly colliding with his back.

Ryker only had to use magic, and the fruits fell from the tree in obeisance. She wanted apples and plums, and she got those two in large quantities.

Her hands are full of them as she sat on the swing chair, eating gently.

Ryker sat beside her, again. 

He just watched her eat, and the one time she looked at him, her eyes caught his palm. The cut wound is still not healing.

"Why!" She quickly grabbed the hand, spreading it to have a look.

She left her apple between her teeth as she checked.

"Just eat, and go to bed." He said, taking the palm from her, but she grabbed it again, holding it tight inside her own palm.

"My warmth might not do much for the wound, but it'd do something." She said, refusing to let go.

Ryker just let her hold on to it. She returned to eating her fruits with her second hand.

She ate three apples and two plums. She was on the fourth apple when that one fell from her hand.

She fell asleep again.

Ryker's eyes went back to her, studying her shortly.

"Durak." He muttered before lifting her from the swing chair into his strong arms.

The lights in the orchard were going out as he walked out of it, and when he arrived at the corridor, more lights kept coming on till he got to her room and set her in bed.

He closed his eyes, activating profound sight before opening them again, and he saw it.

Her FireStone.

It's inside her—right below her heart, but the fire burning on the body of the stone is small.

No wonder her warmth is minimal. That darn mark has to appear to activate this FireStone and her powers fully.

It's hightime he took Rumi's search serious. That troublemaker can't keep ruining things.

--

[Luminaria Amusement Park]

Just like Sadie predicted, it's a full-time party.

Each time a party happens involving dancers from the ballet school, it always ends in bloodshed and fights.

And that's exactly why the twins came. Things has been rowdy in the palace lately, blowing off steam here won't be bad.

Sadie is by the drinks stand, talking with the vendor who looks genuinely scared.

She dropped the small dose of dead ashes on his table, and she gave him a commanding look.

He picked it up.

"Drop that inside Kade King and Blaise Spectre's tea when they come for drinks." Sadie ordered.

"Yes, Grand Princess." The vendor bowed, and she gave him a nod before going back to join Soren and Mercury who're sitting under a large umbrella beside a merry-go-round.

Mercury is sipping soy milk, so she picked her own bottle too, stabbing the foil cover with a straw before starting to drink.

"Are you both like obsessed with soy milk?" Soren said.

"The day I became besties with Sadie, we drank it as our friendship bond drink, so we're obsessed." Mercury shrugged at him, wishing he'd just take a look at her chest, but he's not even looking at her face.

He looks bored here.

"So...the palace gist. What's going on? Tell me." She faced Sadie.

Sadie went out of her way to explain everything, and by the time she was done, Mercury's mouth hung open.

"You mean to tell me that slave is still alive, and not only that... she's the demigod's partner? And he really shot everyone just to get the pass to that place to save her? On top of that, he left Grand Supreme Zeke unconscious?" 

"Exactly, that's why I need to kill someone to drown out my stress. That bastard is stressing everyone out in the palace, and there'll be no stop to it till the Feast. I think father has a plan." Sadie shrugged.

"I'm so sorry bestie, must have been so hard." Mercury rubbed her shoulders, and Sadie sighed.

"I can't wait for the Feast. By the way, second audition for the newbies is tomorrow, and I heard from mother that two particular masked girls stood out during the first audition last week. It's possible that those two would be at the center." Mercury said.

"What!" Sadie slammed her milk bottle on the table.

"Your mother said only one person would be at the center, why changing tunes?" Soren talked, lifting his head from his phone.

"I dunno, she said the two are just too excellent to separate. She looked so thrilled when she was talking about them, and I can't even change her perspective. If we aren't at the center of the ballet, then what's the use of the Feast?" Mercury said.

"As if the happenings at the palace aren't enough, now I have to bear the pain of seeing someone else at the center? Bloody hell..." Sadie held her head with two hands.

She stood from her chair, the music pounding in her veins angering her more. "I need someone to punch. Soren, call the Old Chef. Xena has to come here right now." 

"I deleted his number, mistakenly." Soren replied, and Sadie took his phone, smashing it on the table with the rage of a storm.

"Why would you delete something that important? Why!!" She yelled, attracting attention from the people around them.

"Sadie, calm down." Mercury stood, bringing her back to her seat.

Soren was silent, so Sadie took a deep breath.

"I'm so sorry, Ren. I was just too angry." She apologized.

"It's ok, I'm used to your rage." Soren shrugged.

"They're here, the West Palace folks and Kade." Mercury suddenly said. 

Their heads moved with hers at the same time.

Faye, Blaise and Kade are sitting not far from them under a different umbrella. Seems they're just arrived cos they have no drinks yet.

"We only have to wait for the bomb." Sadie smiled evilly, signalling at the drinks vendor.

--

"What happened to your face? Who battered it this way? You look like a serial killer's experiment." Faye said as she settled with Kade and Blaise.

Blaise brought his dog along. He placed it on the table, and he kept his distance from Faye. That's what he has been doing since Faye wounded him with the vase that night.

It's very obvious Faye is more powerful, she has just been hiding it, and he won't want to fall victim again

"The demigod came to our house, and his male knight did this after I informed him of the 150 billion slave identity." Kade said.

"His male knight? You mean Sage?" Faye blinked.

"Why would Ryker come to your house in the first place?" Blaise asked.

"Because my mother is the slave's mot—"

Kade stopped himself before he could go further. He looked at the step-siblings and sighed before changing narrative.

"I dunno why he came to our house, probably to talk to mother about something confidential."

"And you told him who the slave is? Who's she?" Faye asked.

"His partner, the one he has been looking for." Kade replied.

"What!!!" Faye and Blaise chorused, sharing glances before looking at Kade again.

"You don't mean that, meaning the slave is still alive?" Faye gasped.

"Can someone get us drinks first? My throat is killing me." Kade sighed.

"I'll be right back." Blaise stood to go get the drinks, leaving Faye and Kade on the table.

"Since you seem more powerful than Blaise, why not try healing my wounded face? My tongue is wounded too." Kade said.

"Your wound is poisoned, how do you expect me to heal it?" Faye scoffed.

"You can tell it's poisoned just my glancing at it?" Kade blinked. "Who exactly are you?" 

"Faye" Faye giggled.

"Stop playing with me." Kade scoffed.

Blaise returned with the drinks, and as expected, he didn't buy for Faye.

He got three cups. One for Kade, one for himself, and one for his dog on the table.

Faye rolled eyes, getting her purse and taking out some nyx notes to go get her own drink.

As she's standing, the guys are drinking from their cups.

The moment she took a step away from that umbrella, she heard the guys coughing.

"What the hell is going —"

Her eyes widened, and her words died when she turned around to see the two of them crying blood.

The dog on the table is crying blood too, and that one is already laying flat. It looks dead.

The money fell from Faye, and she stumbled back to them fearfully, grabbing their shoulders with one hand each. She shook them.

"Blaise! Kade! The hell! Guys!!"

Meanwhile, under the opposite umbrella, the twins are already smiling, but Mercury is laughing loudly, they're enjoying this show.

"Now this is what I needed for a good night party!" Mercury clapped.

"Kade looks good with that blood in his eyes." Soren smiled.

"Blaise, I told you I was going to get back at you for using your stupid red hair on my eye, didn't I? Now is that payback time, enjoy!" Sadie palmed her cheeks.

Faye looked at them, her eyes widening more.

They definitely did this, and whatever poison they used must be so potent if it's as powerful as this.

She looked back at her own side, gasping, her eyes stretched again. The dog is already dead on the table, and the guys are already foaming from the mouth, ready to cross the bridge.

People gathered around, watching their last moments with smiles.

Everyone hates Blaise cos he's from the West Palace.

No one likes Kade cos he's the arrogant Liza's daughter.

It's all balanced.

"Guys!!!" Faye yelled.

"Just give up!" Sadie shouted across.

"In your dreams, witch!" Faye yelled back, positioning the dying guys on the same angle, side by side.

She looked at the surrounding crowd, but she threw away the shyness and attached her lips to Blaise's own.

She sucked out the poison from him first, and Blaise breathed back to life, then she did the same to Kade, sucking out his poison with a kiss too. 

She spat out the poison in form of two small scorpions.

The guys stood to their feet, looking shocked and spooked at the same time, their eyes never leaving Faye.

Even the crowd are shocked, especially the twins and Mercury.

Sadie could hear her own breathings, and her eyes are crazily wide.

"What just happened?" Soren muttered.

"Who exactly is this bîtch, Faye? What is she?" Mercury said.

Faye grabbed her purse and rushed out of the park.

"Faye!" Blaise and Kade went after her instantly.

Sadie swallowed.

--

[Same Night, East Palace~Soul Hall]

Azura had to carry Zeke's body out of the FrostOrb Hall.

She took him here, and Jude is also here, both still deeply unconscious.

Lilith went into the city at dusk to kill people and bring their bodies here.

Azura absorbed the multiple souls into Zeke and Jude's body, all in a bid to wake them up, but it's just not working.

There are twelve dead bodies on ground, all rotten and soulless.

After the twelfth attempt, Azura dropped on a sofa.

"You shouldn't give up." Lilith said beside her.

"You shouldn't even be here now, considering the fact that your darn mark didn't work on Shayla." Azura replied tiredly.

"My mark works, it just didn't work on her cos of her demigoddess status." Lilith replied, and that same time, one unfortunate guard came in to report something.

Lilith attacked him, bringing him to the ground with her scream.

She placed a palm on his head, and he was crying as the small red mark appeared there.

"In an hour." She whispered magically to his face.

The guard went still, and Lilith stood, going back to stand beside Azura.

In silence, they both watched, and in exactly an hour, the guard died there... cleanly.

"See?" Lilith faced Azura. "I'm not useless, so you should uphold your promise of giving my Ryker's last name. I'm getting impatient."

"Leave now, I need to rest. West Palace folks are coming tommorow to meet and discuss the Feast. After my son and husband wakes up, we can set a date for your secret wedding." Azura said.

"Better." Lilith smiled, leaving the hall after.

Granny Jojo came in, and Azura raised her head.

"I thought you'd never come. Your daughter's husband and your oldest grandchild got severely wounded by the bastard you cherish...you should do something about it." 

Jojo looked at the twelve soulless bodies on the ground, then her eyes went back to Azura.

"What do you want me to do?"

"Your mirror technique, mother." Azura came closer. "Communicate with your shadow in your mirror and find solutions. Zeke and Jude can't keep sleeping like this!" 

"I don't want to." Jojo smiled.

"What are you saying, mother!" Azura glared.

"Ryker did it to them, who am I to help with solutions? I can't believe Jude is as greedy as y'all too. I can feel the FrostOrb energy from him. In the end, there's no sane one among my grandchildren." Jojo said.

"When all of this is over, mother. I'll send you back to coma. Mark my words." Azura threatened.

"You're welcome to try" Jojo replied, leaving the hall.

"Arghhhh!!!!!!" Azura yelled frustratedly.

--

With happy strides, Lilith skipped her legs back to her room in the main castle. It's the last room.

She stopped by the door when she saw Pearl sitting on her bed, looking as poignant as ever.

"Pearl?" Lilith voiced.

Pearl traced her voice to get to her, she locked Lilith by the neck, bringing her to the wall to slam.

Lilith groaned in disbelief.

"I spent my years in the basement training myself. I might be blind and have no magic, but I have strength, and I can kill you if I want, so you better not lust over Ryker. I was in my room at the chamber when I heard some guards whispering about your likeness for him." Pearl said.

Lilith peeled her hand away from her neck, breathing hard.

"What is wrong with you? Who likes Ryker? Me? I'm trying to make friends with you and I know you like him, so why would I like him too?"

"You don't?" Pearl smiled.

"Cut the crap." Lilith rolled eyes, walking past her.

Pearl pulled her back roughly.

"Pearl!" Lilith gnarled.

"I heard Jude exchanged his soul just to get an entry pass to the land of the condemned, and I know he's still going to wake up cos mother will do anything possible to get his soul back." Pearl said.

"And?" Lilith frowned.

"Tell me where I can exchange my soul for my sight. I badly want to see Ryker's face. I don't mind losing my soul forever." Pearl said.

"What!" Lilith gasped.

Pearl held her tighter.

"You can't say no. I know you know where. You're a banshee, so you know things. Tell me where!" Pearl forcefully demanded.

Lilith stayed iron-faced for a minute, then she smiled.

"We need a soul shifter for that. There's one in the ballet school, meaning we have to visit the school tomorrow." 

"Cool, I'm ready." Pearl said.

--

[Next Morning]

At 10am, the clansman and people from the West Palace are already arriving for the meeting 

Kasia and Astor arrived with Winona, and they look more composed than they were the last time.

Though, Winona is stylishly looking around for any sign of Shayla cos according to Kade, she's still alive.

The West entered the palace with the East clansmen, including Granny Jojo.

As they're entering for the meeting, the twins came out of the palace.

They look anxious as they hopped in their cars at the park, eagar to get to school and confront Faye.

They drove out, and Xena emerged from the slaves kitchen.

It's Monday today, and she's supposed to go for the second audition with Shayla, but they had cancelled it.

Shayla isn't allowed to leave the palace at all, so it's impossible.

She went to the tower.

--

[Heartless Tower, Knights Quarters]

The heavy, groaning sounds of Cheyenne and Sage came from their practice room as they did their power practice.

They've been on it for hours. Actually since daybreak, but hey're still strong.

After the Grand Supreme and his wife nearly called acid rain on them yesterday, it'd be safer to hone their powers.

Not only the use of ropes or nails, but they're mastering the art of flying and levitation.

They're both in the air, striking each other relentlessly.

By the door, Shayla stood, peeping inside the room.

She has been watching since the start of this practice.

She's moving her hand, trying to follow their moves.

Two fingers if you want the strike to be mild, but full five fingers for a brutal hit. Fold the five fingers to choke without touching the person, and glare to seize voices.

They all look simple, but she doesn't even have the power to blend her new knowledge with.

"No wonder I've been sweating, what are you doing here?" Cheyenne came to her, sweating so much.

"I was only watching, by the way, can I do the power practice with you guys?" Shayla asked.

"You're going ahead of yourself again, Tiny." Cheyenne scoffed.

"Don't mind her, you can actually join us." Sage said.

"Shay." Xena joined them.

"You're done cooking breakfast?" Shayla faced her.

"Yeah, it's 10. Since we can't go for the second audition anyways, I came to spend time with you." Xena said.

"Who said you can't go to the second audition" Ryker's deep baritone voice entered the hall.

He approached with ease.

He ditched his robe today, he's wearing a loose shirt and smooth slacks, and he looks as divine as usual. Even more.

"Moy Vladika." Shayla smiled, his presence affecting her mood more than she could control.

She had woken up to meet herself on bed this morning, and it's definitely his handiwork which she doesn't want to question.

Can't be Cheyenne. Impossible.

Can't be Sage. That's somehow.

So it's definitely him.

"She can go for the second audition?" Cheyenne and Sage came out of the practice room, both looking confused with the suddenness.

"Prepare her dress." Ryker ordered Cheyenne.

Cheyenne looked at Shayla before nodding. "Yes, My Lord."

Ryker looked at Xena, and Xena smiled.

"Prepare something for her to wear, too. Sage." Ryker said.

"Me?" Sage blinked. "Fine, I'm a dress expert, lucky you!" 

"Come here." Ryker took Shayla's hand, trying all his best to be gentle.

"Where are we going?" She asked as she followed him, using her second hand to hold his robe.

"To get you bathed." He replied, and she pulled him to a sudden stop.

"You're not... bathing me... right?"

"Stop your wild imaginations, it's not time for them to come to pass yet. Don't put ideas in my head." He said coldly, and she gulped.

"Go wash up. Twenty minutes, Cheyenne will be with you." He said clearly.

"Ok. I will." She detached her fingers from him.

"No ok. Use your full words." He said.

"Yes. I will." She smiled before rushing back into her room.

Cheyenne and Sage went to the treasure clothing room, and they both got busy with picking out dresses for the girls.

"I can't get used to his mode of working. What the hell is he planning again by suddenly agreeing for her to leave the palace." Cheyenne said.

"Definitely something big, we'll just have to wait. He won't make a move without a tangible reason." Sage smiled.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School]

School isn't as silent as it was last week.

It's Monday, and the week started with sizzling gist from last night.

How Faye sucked poison out of Kade and Blaise so easily,, and the two masked dancers who're likely to be in the center of the Feast ballet.

It's a hot Monday.

Neither Kade nor Blaise or Faye are in school, but the twins and Mercury are in school already.

They're waiting for Faye to come and explain, and they're tapping their foot in front of the school building.

Also, the newbies who got picked for the second round of the audition are here too, so it's a full school.

At 12pm on the round dot, two cars skidded to rough halts in the park.

Faye came out of the first one, Kade and Blaise dropped from the second one.

"Finally." Mercury muttered hatefully.

"Faye, stop right there!" Sadie ordered, jumping down the long staircase of the school building.

Faye stopped, her face so deviant as she glared at Sadie.

"Explain how you were able to suck out that poison! Take a pen and paper, and explain!!" Sadie yelled demandingly.

The air became so acidic, the cold weather turned very hot. Tension covered the atmosphere.

Everyone converged around in circles as they watched what's going to really happen this morning.

Sadie approached the crosswalk cos Faye is standing on the other side of it, but the moment she made to cross, another car slid into the park.

A deep blue model, built only for the owner, fuckin new. 

Sadie almost got hit, but Soren teleported to get her out of the way, and they both tumbled to the ground.

The car stopped right in front of their fallen bodies, and there was silence for a bit of second.

Dead silence.

And then...the car backdoor flipped open...

A pair of shinny diamond-designed heels stepped out, in style.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 33&34

THE DEAL WAS CLEAR. "COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM" SO I'LL HAVE A REASON TO TYPE YOUR CHAPTERS AFTER COMING BACK FROM WORK EVERYDAY. 

SIMPLE, AND THERE ARE WAYS TO MAKE THAT FAST👇

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share. It's not a task.

Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow, or we break again.

★

Soren helped Sadie up, bringing her back to her feet.

Their four eyes are bulging in astonishment, but their smirks are unaffected as they awaited who's gonna come down from that car.

No doubt, today is the deathday of whoever it is.

Even Faye and her two boys are all attentive, wondering who's brave enough to almost knock the BIG Sadie down.

The students are all where they are, just that their attention has shifted to the luxury car, too.

"Who the hell is that?" Mercury joined the twins. "Whoever it is is begging for a fast death."

But the sight of the heels that emerged from the car made their morale drop at their feet.

The diamond-designed heels is nothing like ever seen before, and the reflection from the shinny stones caught the soft sun, sending sparks across the school walls.

Most students had to close their eyes quickly, and some covered their eyes with their spaced fingers at the risk of going blind.

Out of the car, came Shayla.

Simple but elegant in her bright yellow dress which shared the same shade with the glow of an angry fire. It's so bright. It's free and backless, but there are interconnected ropes at the low back, so her skin is sparingly out, and it's glowing.

Thanks to the tip of Cheyenne's sharp nails, her ears were pierced, and for the first time in her life, she wore earrings, small sapphire ones though.

Her other jewels are minimal, but they're all too luxurious that it feels illegal to see them for free. Her face matched the pristine glow of the rest of her skin.

From the other side of the car, Xena came out, looking pretty too in her off-shoulders black dress and enough jewelries to show.

Soren blinked slowly beside Sadie. Sadie is still not able to close her mouth.

Mercury looks so out of her wits, sudden anxiety descended on her as she began rubbing her own neck abnormally till it turned red.

"The slave?" Faye muttered.

"She's really the partner?" Blaise said, not blinking at all.

Kade is swallowing invisible lumps and saliva, he looks like his whole air supply system got stolen.

Actually, the girls stole the air of everyone. No one could voice out.

It got much worse when the driver's seat of the car swung open, and the alpha himself came down.

Ryker.

He took Shayla's hand, and her smile blossomed, his coldness calming her nervous nerves as he climbed the front staircase with her, entering the school building.

Her heels kissed the ground repeatedly with the rich crispy sounds.

As Xena followed behind them, her eyes caught Soren's from the crowd, but she was quick to throw her face away before entering building too.

The stolen air of everyone returned, and the sun dipped back into the clouds as if it only came out for the just completed scenario.

"Ok, that was insane!"

"Finee, she's pretty as hell. I can still smell her perfume!"

"Money can transform a duck to a peacock."

"The shoes are enough to buy all of my family mansions, like twenty of those big arse buildings."

"And the jewels? I'm gonna die. Does he manufacture them or what?"

"The richest man in this city with many treasure chests, it's not supposed to be shocking."

"But I'm still shocked, look at the car too. Who built that?"

"And the second girl? She's hot."

"That's his chef sister, Xena."

"You must be kidding!"

There are no stop to the shocked compliments and admirations. It grew noisier as the minutes whiled.

No one even noticed Sadie's anger.

"What just happened?" She muttered, finally finding her voice. Her pale face turned to Soren.

Soren couldn't talk.

"I'm still in awe, too. Have you ever seen me as speechless as this before?" Mercury said.

Sadie's eyes went down to her feet, and suddenly, she doesn't like the heels she's wearing anymore.

She took them off and flung them away to the crosswalk, then she snatched Mercury's phone.

"No slave or undeserving nameless thing can come here to disrupt the hierarchy or lower the bar! No amount of jeweling or panel beating can wash away the fact that she's a slave! I'm calling mother!" 

"For?" Soren asked.

"If the bastard insists on dumping her here, then Mercury, your mother will have to close this school down. Two boss can't rule an empire!" Sadie snarled venomously, storming into the school building too.

"Soren, what do we do?" Mercury faced him.

"Follow her lead. She's always the one with the rules." Soren replied, and they both followed Sadie.

"Damn, why am I somehow loving this shit." Faye muttered from across the crosswalk. There's a lean, sweet smile on her face.

"Let's see how the Diamond 3 are gonna cope with someone richer and with a more powerful backup. Sadie is so going to hang herself. Hot pepper coming." She clicked her tongue, nodding.

"What was that last night?" Blaise shifted closer to her, and her smile disappeared.

"I don't think you're in anyplace to talk to me. Your mouth stinks." 

"Keep telling that lie to yourself. You kissed me last night!" Blaise shoved her to a car, but she pushed him away, glaring hard.

"Yes, and I kissed Kade too, both to suck out your poisons." 

"You spat the poison out in form of two scorpions, and somehow, nothing happened to you. Look, I've seen series of insane powers in this city, but I've never came across your type before. What exactly are you!" Blaise demanded, and Faye laughed.

"I love that you're curious about me, and there's more to come. I know you hate getting curious, so you might just die while at it. And don't you dare touch me again." She gave him a deadly eye roll and left.

Blaise leaned on the car, his head is in shambles as he tried to figure it out, but nothing is coming.

He glanced at Kade who's still standing where he is.

"Is the slave entry shock still in your body?" He asked.

Kade didn't reply.

"Kade!" Blaise nudged him.

"Don't touch me!" Kade pushed him off, then he ran into the building.

"What is wrong with him?" Blaise scoffed, going inside as well.

The new development is still lingering around the school as another car stopped at the park.

Lilith jumped out, and she helped Pearl out too.

--

[Director's Office]

The news has reached Esme even before Ryker arrived, so the moment she saw the door opening, she stood to her feet. Lots of her staff teachers are around her.

Ryker entered with Shayla and Xena, and Esme gasped when she saw them, but she gathered herself together, knowing it's unadvisable to use forbidden words around him.

"What's going on, Lord Ryker?" She asked politely with a inept smile.

Ryker didn't let go of Shayla's hand, and Xena planted herself on the other side of him.

"It's a shame you don't recognize your two best dancers from the last audition. Were they wearing masks?" Ryker said, intentionally giving his sarcasm away with nonchalance.

The folds that appeared on Esme's forehead are a proof of her shock. She stepped out of her desk, eyes wide as she accessed the two girls.

"You two are...what!"

"Nice to meet you properly. You said it yourself that we must come." Shayla said.

"Here we are, ma'am." Xena added, and Esme gasped.

She quickly requested for their submitted forms, and her teachers slid her laptop to her on the table.

"You both applied under..." She faced them. "Fake names?"

"That was due to the circumstances. If we registered with real names and came unmasked, you'd have chased us off." Xena said.

"No, young girls. We don't do that here. That alone is enough to disqualify you both, you literally deceived the school! Also..." Esme smiled at Ryker.

"We don't take lowliness here, impossible. One is a palace chef, and the other one is a sla—"

Esme was already clutching at her own neck before she could finish that last word.

Her neck felt a real choky congestion, runny veins danced on her throat, mapping the skin. Her eyes turned till white filled it up.

She threw up water.

Her knees clashed with the ground, and her clutch at her throat got tighter. She's shaking, writhing, sweating and getting red.

Shayla's eyes went to Ryker. As she expected, he's glaring at Esme. He's the one doing it.

"Ma'am!" The teachers shouted, but none was bold enough to go closer for the fear of getting choked too.

Ryker got that laptop from the table, went two steps to Esme and brought it down to her head, crashing it there.

It broke to shatters, and Esme bled from the middle of her head, the redness stained his hands.

Shayla gulped, Xena did the same.

The teachers are still standing clustered in a corner of the office.

"Thinking you can exchange words with me is forbidden, talk more of actually doing it. A slave?" Ryker smirked, pulling her up by her hair.

Esme's shoes left her feet on their own, and her lips quivered.

"Don't use that word around her, or you'll be in a lidless coffin." He said, darkly with poisoned tongue.

Esme nodded, and he let her go.

"Direct the second audition as you should. Do your job, that's all I ask. And oh...if she gets bullied, or touched... I'll have to send your daughter to the dark room as an indigene slave. First of it's kind, how's that sound?" He said.

"What!" Esme's head went up, eyes wide again.

"You heard me, Esme Vega." He called her full name to knock that in harder, and she quickly nodded.

"Yes ... My Lord." Esme swallowed.

Ryker gave both Xena and Shayla the final glance, but his eyes stayed longer on Shayla before he started leaving the office.

"My Lord!" Shayla went after him as fast as possible.

Though, she has mastered how to walk in the heels. She learnt it at once after Cheyenne taught her, but it's obvious she's not comfortable.

Ryker noticed it.

His eyes went from her legs to her face when she got to him.

"Where are you going?" She asked.

"It's personal, I don't have to tell you everything." He replied, colder than she expected.

"Oh..." Her head went down. "Sorry i have no right to ask that."

He's out of the office in the next one second, and her head went up again, her sadness showing.

"Hey..." Xena came to her.

"Don't think about his words too much, you'll just get hurt." 

"I was just worried he might come back late again and leave just me at the tower. It's lonely alone." Shayla replied, and Xena smiled.

"Let me tell you, you might be his partner, but it'd take time for him to warm up to you. He's ice, you don't expect him to break so fast. And don't worry, if he comes late, I'll keep you company. Be happy, we're here now and no masks again." Xena cheered.

Shayla nodded in agreement, and they faced Esme.

"Clean up the mess of my blood and broken laptop keys." Esme ordered some of the teachers.

"Call the alchemists to bring pills for my head wound, and get guards for the girls." She ordered another set.

"Lastly, make sure the audition hall is ready in thirty minutes." She gave the last order 

All the teachers rushed out, and Esme faced the girls with a forced smile, the blood on her face is starting to dry up cos of the air conditioners.

"Tea, or coffee?" She asked respectfully.

--

[East Palace, Meeting Court]

"May I ask why the Grand Supreme is not on seat?" Kasia asked in the middle of the meeting, and she saw the shift on Azura's brow before she was able to answer.

"Grand Supreme is currently on a trip, and in his absence, I'm enough for this court. Any other question?" Azura replied.

"Grand Supreme's travels are always announced to the city, what happened this time?" Astor spoke up.

Azura's angry, sharp eyes swiftly went to him.

"There are several non-human cities like us who are after the FrostOrb and FireStone too. If the Grand Supreme is sick, you should let us know so we'd know how to hold our guards tighter and prevent intruders." Kasia said.

"Quiet!!" Azura yelled at the top of her voice, the order echoing through the walls of the court.

"Actually, Zeke is more than unconscious." Granny Jojo said.

"Mother!" Azura cautioned.

"Zeke was knocked unconscious by Ryker, Jude is suffering from the same fate." Jojo continued.

Azura's fists went balled.

"The almighty Grand Supreme Zeke?" Kasia said, not bothering to hide the mockery in her tone.

"You do not have the right to say his name with your mouth, Kasia! Shut up now and let's continue the meeting in peace, or you'll go back to the West in pieces!" Azura threatened.

"Go ahead..." Kasia stood. "Do whatever you like. What have you East folks not done to us in the West? Nothing is new anymore. Every rule binding this city comes from this East, we Spectres are just second in command on the tongue! The dark room auction money goes to the East Palace account too! Isn't that the secret to your unending wealth?"

Immediately Kasia dropped the bomb, the court went silent, and the clansmen began murmuring amongst themselves, but Azura stayed unshakeable.

"Oh...I see you have scraps and tidbits in your hands, and that's why your shoulders are getting higher than your head?" She cracked a villainous laughter.

"We're not here for words mincing, you East folks will will anyways, let's just get this over with." Astor said.

"Then tell your wife to get her butt on her chair! Don't make me break a irreparable bone in her body" Azura warned.

Astor pulled Kasia to her seat, but her glare didn't stop.

Azura could feel it as they talked about the Feast at large, making the beginning plans.

"Winona is joining the beauty contest this year, by the way." Kasia announced.

"Not my problem. She'd be competing with Liza and Esme." Azura replied, scowling badly.

The discussions continued, but Azura had to stop it when she got a call from Sadie.

--

[FrostOrb Hall]

Winona came out of the wall right in front of the hall, and she dusted her clothes and hair.

It hasn't been easy scaling through the guards and maids to get here, but thanks to her wall walker ability, she was able to walk in the walls till she got here.

She pushed the hall door open, and a awed expression latched to her face when she sighted the FrostOrb, shinning brightly on the frozen black tray. The light isn't dimming nor flickering. It stayed unaffected till she took one step inside, two steps...

Now is the right time to steal this since the others are busy in the meeting court.

She took the third step towards the beautiful orb, but she was thrown back before she knew it.

She crashed into the door, landing outside the room and wounding her knees and palms.

"Darn!" She jumped back to her feet, picking a fast race inside.

The door slammed viciously on her face, and she was thrown again, brutal than the first time.

Her body hit the wall, and it dented in, releasing her to come out on the other side. She sustained more injuries, her wrists broke.

She was barely able to stand up and leave the place, using her wall walk to get to the park.

Kasia and and Astor were already waiting, meeting is over already.

"Winona!" Kasia gasped in amazement 

"It's impossible. That orb doesn't allow strangers close at all." Winona panted as she explained.

"But you can describe it" Astor asked.

"I should be able to." Winona nodded.

"Then that's enough for now. C'mon,let's leave." Kasia helped her into the car with Astor.

--

[Clouds Castle]

There's a fog river at the back of the castle, forged from the aura of the fountain and olive branches.

Ryker sat on a boat on the fog river, and Eternus is sitting beside him. The old man is drinking from a porcelain bottle of liquor, he looks better since his wounds healed already.

"I never planned to lie to you, but I was just full of pity for the slave. I thought I could change the future if you didn't know about her." He said.

"What future?" Ryker gave him a icy querying look, and Eternus chuckled to ease the tension, chugging his liquor for a minute before answering...

"Isn't it funny? The heavens made everything so easy for you, you know almost everything and can do almost everything, but they put limitations on your powers when it comes to your partner. You can't even lift the spell on her mark. You'll freeze permanently soon at this point." 

"I can't lift it cos it's a one-way spell, fool. I can only find the person who cast it to get rid of it." Ryker replied dryly, lashes going low.

"Let's visit somewhere." Eternus stood from the boat, but Ryker didn't.

"Please?" Eternus smiled.

Ryker finally stood. They both teleported, appearing in a market.

Judging by the rudimentary architecture and obsolete aesthetical mood of this place, it's not Luminaria.

"This is Eclipsera, the second most powerful non-human city after Luminaria. We're in their market." Eternus said.

"Why are we in Eclipsera?" Ryker asked, glancing at the market.

It didn't take long before he noticed the oddness of the city. There are so many beggars in the market, homeless people and dirty, smelly peasants. It's horrible.

"We're lucky in Luminaria that everyone is powerful except the half-breeds. But here, powers comes with richness, the poor are powerless, and that's why you see them homeless, roaming and begging." Eternus explained.

"So?" Ryker faced him.

"Even if you help all the beggars from your insane riches, you won't even feel it. Maybe you should do a good deed?" Eternus replied.

"Why would I help?" Ryker sneered, his level of anger shooting up and nearing the red line.

"Cos you're rich?" Eternus shrugged, and then one of the begging homeless women came over to them, holding a almost broken bowl of corn.

"Sweet corn, it costs five bucks. Just five." She pointed the bowl at Ryker, and that action was his last straw.

He slapped the corn bowl to the ground and proceeded to magically waving the woman herself away.

She staggered, her back clashed with a pole, and her backbone got fractured, nearly splitting. 

She cried out, and Ryker drew his dagger, super speeding to her and raising the it at her chest.

Eternus appeared between them, the dagger dug into his chest instead.

Like a rat, the woman tearfully ran down the market, and Ryker's red eyes flicked to Eternus. 

The dagger stabbed him so hard he's bleeding from the mouth too, and his eyes are stunningly shocked.

"You were really going to kill her?"

They both teleported back to the fog river at the clouds castle, and Ryker removed the dagger from Eternus' chest. The old man fell on the boat, holding the bloody chest which already blotched his white robe.

"You have no compassion or mercy for the lives of others, it'd be hard for you to grow a love thread for your partner like this." He said.

"And who says I plan to grow one?" Ryker glared down, blood dripping from the tip of the dagger.

"Because you must! Do you think having a partner just means having a partner ordinarily? Be compassionate, have mercy even if it's a little bit! I get that your mother was shown no mercy when she was killed, but that doesn't warrant your heartlessness." Eternus stood.

"Mention mother again, and I'll stab you again, you won't ever get reborn." Ryker warned.

"Try to be kind to your partner and grow a love thread. Maybe her mark might uncover by itself if she senses your sincerity." Eternus said.

"I planted her as a trap for Rumi in the ballet school. Rumi is going to appear soon." Ryker rolled eyes.

"Listen, Ryker. The mark is connected to her heart, maybe if you show mercy and compassion, the mark would appear even without Rumi. Spend time with your partner, buy her valuable gifts. Try to be warm even if you can't—"

Ryker already vanished with the air before he could finish up.

"You're dying by the way, no one survives a stab from my dagger. But luckily for you, your soul won't die." His voice echoed in the cold air.

"Never met a demigod as stubborn and ruthless as him all my life." Eternus sighed, sitting back in the boat. His bleeding never stopped.

And like Ryker said, he died on that boat. His body disappeared, but his soul travelled into a new body.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School, Final Audition Hall]

There are twenty winners from the last audition, and those twenty would be the ones to be auditioning today.

From them, five would be picked to become new dancers for the school.

All twenty participants are in front of the hall, waiting to be called in.

The twins and Mercury plus Faye and the boys are there too, waiting for when Shayla is going to show up.

"I called mother already. She should be here any moment from now." Sadie said.

"What is mother going to do?" Soren replied.

"Why does it feel like you've been going against me lately?" Sadie snickered.

"This isn't the time for arguments, guys." Mercury said.

Faye is across the rails, smiling and chewing gum as she watched them.

Soon, Esme arrived with the teachers and the girls, electric guards are guarding them closely.

Esme changed already, now wearing palazzo pants and suit, new makeup to cover her wounds and well brushed hair. 

She has been trying to call Zeke to tell him about what's going on, but Zeke has been unreachable, leaving her with no choice.

Shayla and Xena are in the middle of the guards, well protected. They look like new money royalties.

"I love you Shayla!" Faye shouted from where she's standing.

Blaise scoffed behind her, still wondering alone.

"Electric guards?" Sadie sneered, wanting to go closer despite that, but Soren pulled her back.

"Leave me alone!" Sadie broke free. Her feet is still bare.

"You said mother is coming, so calm down and let her handle this! Listen to me for once!" Soren snapped.

"I think Soren is right. Ryker wounded my mother, so she'd rather die than let you get closer to those girls." Mercury said.

Kade appeared in the middle of the crowd, and the moment Shayla set eyes on him, she got brief flashbacks of her mother Liza's voice.

"SLEEP ON THE FLOOR, YOU DON'T BELONG IN A BED!"

"EAT WITH YOUR FINGERS, YOU DON'T DESERVE A SPOON!"

"WEAR THE RAGS, YOU DON'T DESERVE THE GOOD ONES!"

As the words flashbacks hit her, she stared back at Kade who's glaring at her with all the hate in this world.

It got to a point, and she looked away. She has suffered all her life just to get to this stage, and not even Kade will be able to disrupt that.

She entered the hall with Xena and Esme, and tension wrapped on the corridor again.

Mercury left without anyone's notice.

--

Pearl and Lilith are at the school sound room, awaiting the soul shifter they came to meet.

They both heard the news circulating around the school. Lilith stayed calm about it, but it only increased Pearl's desperation to get her sight back. 

If her sight returns, she'd not only be able to see Ryker, but she'd also be able to put Shayla in her place.

"How did you even get so obsessed with Ryker? You've been in the basement all your life, I'm just curious." Lilith asked.

"The maids wouldn't stop talking about him, there were always leakage of their voices from the basement top. His name was all I heard throughout, and each time I thought about killing myself, I was stopped with the hope that I'd get out one day and see his face. He's the reason I'm still alive." Pearl explained.

"Hmm... sensational." Lilith nodded, smirking.

The opening of the door made them straighten up their postures, and Lilith's brows curved in shock when she was who entered.

Mercury.

"Mercury Vega? You're a soul shifter?"

"Apart from Grand Supreme Zeke and  Azura, I'm the third and last soul shifter in this city." Mercury smiled.

"How many I help you both?

--

[Audition Hall]

Shayla and Xena are the last to audition, and they're currently making everyone speechless inside the hall again.

This time, Shayla wore the complete ballet outside. Leotard, tights, tutu, toe pads and the shoes with the drawstrings. Hair tied in a beautiful bun. She gave her all for the performance, and Xena matched her energy just like the other time.

But she somehow wished Ryker is here on his majestic seat to watch her. Even if he's going to be poker faced as usual, she'd be fine with it. His presence matters so much, but he rarely gives that.

Esme's pen nearly fell from her fingers, and the rest of the judges can't even stop their pens from marking EXCELLENT.

By the hall entrance, Azura stood with her twins. She has been watching this since the start, but she's not reacting like Sadie expected.

Zeke is still unconscious, Jude is still unconscious too. It'd be dangerous to make a move right now.

She just can't.

She started leaving with her guards trail, and Sadie ran after her.

"Mother! Mother why are you leaving? Mother!!" 

As for Soren, he stayed there, at the entrance. He watched Xena for one more second.

Just one more second, before taking his leave.

Five dancers made it to the finals with Shayla as the top 1.

By tomorrow, they're expected to join the school and take practices with the other dancers.

The girls haven't changed out of their ballet outfit when Ryker appeared at the entrance of the changing room, and Shayla smiled a little.

He doesn't seem to be in a good mood. She could feel it in the way his brows are so tight.

"My Lord." She muttered.

"You came early." Xena said.

"Ready?" He asked, voice carrying no iota of life.

"Sure, we'll change when we get home. By the way, Shay is top 1." Xena replied.

Shayla looked at him, expecting him to praise her, but she got nothing, so she went back to her sad mood.

They didn't drive back home. Cheyenne and Sage are going to come back to get the car, so Ryker just teleported them back to the palace.

Xena went straight to the chefs quarters, and Shayla followed Ryker behind as they walked into the tower.

Her legs were dragging on the ground, and she feels like crying, but he might get angrier, so she stopped the tears with her life.

She was looking at his backside as he walked in front of her, and she hugged her dress and shoes to her chest, following with enough space.

She didn't expect him to turn back, but he did, and she stopped.

Fluidly, he pointed a red box at her, and she looked into his eyes.

"What's it?"

He stayed silent, so she took it.

"Go wash up, Cheyenne will come with your dinner." He said curtly.

Before she could reply, he vanished, erasing himself from the corridor.

Can he stop doing that?

He's abusing his teleporting ability at this rate.

This is more reason why she should speed up on getting her mark out. She suddenly hates being helpless.

She went to her room and plopped her dress and shoes on the bed. She sat in bed and took the red box, eagar to see what's inside.

She opened neatly, and her eyes were blessed with the sight of sèxiness.

A hot red set of bra and net panty. It's so beautiful that she gasped.

She was still checking them out when Cheyenne entered the room, and she quickly dropped the box on the bed, standing up.

"Cheyenne?"

"I'll be the one to cook your dinner, but I'll be going with Sage to get the car from the school. So I'll be back shortly. You can check the freezer for eclairs to keep your mouth busy till I'll be back." Cheyenne informed.

"It's fine, I'm not hungry yet. I'll wait till you'll be back." Shayla replied simply.

Cheyenne turned to leave, but she was stopped by the red box. She blinked when she saw what's inside.

"Don't tell me Lord Ryker gave you this set! Geez!" She raised the net panty, attached to the push-up bra.

"He...did" Shayla said slowly, and Cheyenne blinked again.

"Seriously? Why? That god doesn't gift people. Never." 

She looked at Shayla, and one evil idea crept into her head.

"He gifted you these, meaning he wants something in return. Give n take." She said.

"What could he want?" Shayla asked interestedly.

"Shower, wear it, snap real hot pictures and send to him. I've never seen him go feral before, I'd love to see what happens." Cheyenne said.

"Pictures?" Shayla asked.

"Ou...poor you, Tiny. You have no knowledge of these things." Cheyenne sighed, bringing her phone out of her suit pocket. She got the charger too since the battery is almost dead.

"Here, plug it in the wall socket to charge." She said.

Shayla did that herself, and Cheyenne taught her how to use the camera and how to send to the right number.

"He's rarely with his phone, and he rarely checks messages. Just hope he sees yours. Good luck." She said and exited the room, leaving Shayla to her own fate.

Shayla stared at the phone, contemplating if this is right or not. Won't it get him more angry?

But then... Cheyenne is closer to him than her, so maybe it's just right.

She entered the bathroom, having a cold shower. Cheyenne taught her how to use it in the morning, the body wash and the facial care.

She came back to the room to dry up and cream. She left her hair darkly wet and gummy, skin glossing as she put on the panty.

Her arse cheeks are barely covered since the material is so thin.

She put on the bra too, struggling in front of the mirror for minutes before strapping it on with the hooks.

Her breàsts aren't big, but the bra did the push-up work, making it pop out of the cups temptingly.

Is this right?

She asked herself for the hundredth time before taking the phone.

She clicked camera and started taking the pictures softly.

--

[Ryker's Bedroom]

Ryker entered the bathroom for a hot shower rush when he arrived.

He spent close to an hour in the hotness before coming out, wearing his modern black bathrobe, open completely on the chest.

He was drying his damp hair with an head towel as he emerged from the bathroom, and Eternus words didn't stop echoing in his red ears.

“Learn to be compassionate and grow a love thread for your partner.”

"Should have killed his soul, too." He muttered, dropping the head towel.

His phone buzzed on the jade treasure table, and a slight frown etched on his face.

Is this phone even supposed to be here? Most importantly, who's texting him this late?

Is it someone he needs to kill?

He grabbed the phone, scrolling it open with low expectations.

He clicked on the newly received message, once.

Immediately the pictures displayed on his screen, his head made a straight, insane noise.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 35&36

YOU'RE DEFINITELY SHOCKED TO SEE THIS CHAPTER ON YOUR SCREEN AFTER COMPLETING REQUIREMENTS LATE, RI? THE CHAPTER HAS BEEN TYPED SINCE LAST NIGHT, SO IT'S THIS WEEK'S BONUS.

WE MEET AGAIN NEXT WEEK AND I WON'T BE THIS GENEROUS.

5K+ Words Ain't Something You Should Just Read And Leave Like Nothing. 

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share. It's not a task.

Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow.

★

The sound dropped loud and clear, he felt the echo on the bloody walls of his skull. His palm went tight around the body of the phone, and the room suddenly felt too tight like it was closing in on him.

It's new, and the way every part of his body reacted to it made his eyes twitch. They refused to blink.

He kept staring, obsessively as if he'd enter the phone screen any moment from now.

Last time at the spring pool when she defrosted him, he had seen her wearing only her underwear and a lace panty. She was even completely drenched with the pool water, but maybe that wasn't intentional, and that's why it didn't hit this way.

His smirk found it's way to his face, and he sat on the bed, still staring at his screen. That odd feel is still settled deep inside him, it's coursing with like thick pheromones.

He has seen female nakedness for more than he could count throughout his hundreds of years alive. 

Whenever he checked for his partner at the Groove, he saw too much, but this one didn't even go naked.

Just the underwear set he had got her, and he's acting like like a starved pubescent like this?

Maybe it's the pheromones. 

Definitely the pheromones, and the partner thingy. It has to be the god  connection.

He dropped the phone and returned to the shower to bath for the second time to calm.

--

[Kitchen]

Shayla came here to fill her tummy with the eclairs as mentioned by Cheyenne.

She had sent the pictures an hour ago, but nothing happened. Ryker didn't come knocking on her door with anger or pleasure.

She got nothing, so she doesn't even know if she should be regretting or relieved.

She was on the third eclair when the knights entered the kitchen. They're finally back from picking the car up.

"Hey, Goddess." Sage smiled.

Shayla smiled back a little, not wanting to give her sadness away.

Sage is always happy and smiling, and he's quick to note things like Ryker. She has known that as his habit during her short period here.

"What's up? Your smile isn't genuine." Sage sat across her.

Bingo. He found out after all.

"Let me guess, it didn't go as planned?  It's either he didn't see it or he saw it and didn't reply?" Cheyenne said, getting foodstuffs ready for dinner.

"Didn't reply." Shayla said.

"At this point, Sage. Lord Ryker might be gay." She said.

"Stop that." Sage cautioned.

Cheyenne picked up the phone and checked out Shayla's pictures, smiling as she scrolled through them.

"These are fire, so why would he not move? I'm in awe."

"You made her send him pictures?" Sage stood.

"What's so bad about it?" Cheyenne rolled eyes, lighting the cooker.

"But you know he doesn't like female flashing without permission." Sage went to her.

"She is not just ANY female. She's his damn partner, so get off." Cheyenne elbowed him.

"He really doesn't like such things?" Shayla asked, standing fearfully.

Sage quickly crossed the island to her. "Goddess, please you have to stop listening to Cheyenne. She just talks without thinking." He said.

"I was only trying to help get their bonding faster before disaster strikes. She needs that mark on her, am I the only one impatient about it?" Cheyenne dropped the lighter, sighing with a nod.

"Well, we don't have to wait for long. Let's wait till they both start getting pheromones rush." She smiled.

"What's pheromones rush?" Shayla asked.

"When a god refuses to bond with his or her partner, the pheromones are the horniness hormones that'd push the two of them towards each other. There's time for everything, I believe that's happening soon. Good luck on feeling horny." Sage explained.

Shayla sat back, swallowing and staying silent for a few.

"But did something happen today? He didn't look happy."

"Has he ever looked happy?" Cheyenne shrugged, returning to her cooking.

"He visited Eternus, that old man probably said something rotten again." Sage said.

"Before you ask who is Eternus, he's a seer at the clouds castle. Oldest man in this city." He quickly added.

"Clouds Castle? I've heard of that place before. Fog river and olive branches." Shayla said.

"Thank fûck, there's something you actually know." Cheyenne said, and Shayla smiled at her.

Sage joined Cheyenne, stealing from the shrimps she's going to use in her cooking. Cheyenne hit the cooking spook on his cheek, and he winced.

They look so damn close, and Shayla admired it. Just that Cheyenne is a hotheaded witch.

"I used to think Cheyenne had hidden feelings for Lord Ryker." She said before she knew it.

Cheyenne and Sage stopped moving immediately. They turned around in sync to face her with stunned eyes.

Shayla nearly asked why, but then they both laughed out, loud and crisp and heavy.

"Feelings? For my icy boss? Please, Tiny. What are you even saying!" Cheyenne grinned, placing her elbow on Sage's shoulder.

"She might be overprotective of him, but trust me she has always been like that. When we were both betrayed by our families and our bodies were dumped half-dead on a deserted farmland, Lord Ryker took us in as his only aides, and for that, our lives belongs to him." Sage clarified.

"And me calling you a slût those times was because you didn't bear the mark, and I couldn't risk anyone who's not his partner getting around him, I know the calamity it'd cause, so I was just looking out. I'm sorry." Cheyenne apologized.

Shayla smiled again, feeling so much better. She stood to her feet.

"Is there an outside practice ground here? I need to practice ballet and some power moves too." She said.

"It's in the middle of this tower. Stand in the blue corridor and find your bearing from there, it's not hard." Sage replied.

"Thank you" Shayla said, rushing out of the kitchen.

"Our Goddess is such a cutie, can't wait for the powers to come out. I'm so eager to see her fire." Sage said.

"Same here, but when did you tint your hair red on the side?" Cheyenne noticed, and Sage touched it.

"I did it before we went for the car pick-up, guess the colour is only just showing." 

"I don't like the color, doesn't fit you somehow. You're better with the white." She said.

"For real?" He pressed.

"Have I ever lied to you?" She shrugged, stirring what's on fire.

Sage sat back on the island, watching her cook from there.

"Do you know why boss put her in the school?" He said.

"According to the description of the man who saw Rumi back then, she was poor, wearing peeled leather and faded knockoff skirt. She's definitely poor, so if she hears the girl she put a spell on is suddenly rich in the school, she'd come. It might just take time but she'd come and try to rob her." Cheyenne explained.

"Right...and can Zeke wake up already? This palace has been too calm lately." Sage said.

"Worry no more, now that Tiny is already in the ballet, he's going to wake up tonight, trust me. Latest, tomorrow morning," Cheyenne faced him. "The dramas continue."

Sage gave her a nod.

--

Shayla stood at the blue corridor according to Sage's direction, and from there, she found her way to the middle of the tower where a sparse area of land is. There's a peach tree that's only just blooming petals, and she instantly liked the pink petals.

She picked one and attached it to her tied hair at the side, she's sure that it'd look pretty.

She had branched at her room to change into a free short skirt, flayed with ironed pleats and a loose singlet on top of it.

She stood on pointe, and surprisingly, she didn't even have to wear ballet shoes to pull that move.

She did it effortlessly, standing there for minutes before balancing back on her full feet, then she started her moves, matching her swirl movements with the falling of the pink peach petals.

Even without music, she created her own symphony in her head, the moon in the sky seeming to be smiling at her as the petals brushed her light skin.

Her hairband went out of her hair before she knew it, and the long hair was let loose, dancing with the air and giving her moves more depth.

She stopped when a strand entered her eye, and she easily removed it, sweeping her hair back. She's glistening with sweat.

She pointed her arms forward, trying to make some of the power moves she learnt from watching Cheyenne and Sage, but without powers, it's not possible.

She instantly felt useless. 

Maybe that's why Ryker seems to be in a sour mood?

"I can't continue like this" she muttered to herself, standing still.

Unknown to her, two attentive, interested eyes are watching her from the roof of the knights quarters.

--

[Main Castle]

Sadie has been crashing out since she returned, and it's worse cos Soren doesn't even seem like he wants to calm her down.

He's in bed, lazing away on his phone. Sadie's antics is like a non-existent thing to him, he looks stressed since he spent the last one hour practicing hard.

"Aren't you going to say something? This is improper! I almost got hit by his car! Father and Jude are unconscious all because of that bastard, and he went ahead to bring that cheap thing to the school? And what again? She's top 1? She and Xena will be at the center? That's highly unacceptable!! We're the royals of this city, not Ryker!" Sadie combusted at his face.

"When did you start caring about Jude?" Soren replied, sparing her a little glance.

"Weather I hate him or not, he's still a member of this family! And why are you suddenly going against me? I'm telling you Soren, if you betray me I won't take it easy." she threatened.

"Grow up for once! Grow up!!" Soren yelled, shocking her as he spranged up from bed.

She shifted back. "Ren."

"Jude and father are still unconscious, and that's more reason for mother to lay low cos Ryker holds the reins here! Yes, we're the royals, but he holds that power! Think about it and stop shouting on me! I've had a rough day, stop worsening my mood!" He snapped and walked past her.

"Ren! Ren stop right there! Ren!!" Sadie yelled, throwing his bedspread after him as he exited the room.

--

Soren plugged his ear pods the moment he was out of the room. He did it to block out his crazy twin noise, and it worked.

Just what he needed.

He magically jumped down the long staircase, and the moment he landed on the ground, his chest hammered.

He's too far from Sadie, so jumping down magically like that exhausted him. Darn the heavens for linking their powers together.

They can't even do anything without each other.

He let go of his chest and was about to go further when he came across Xena. She's clearing the dinning transparent cups. 

She's going to wash them tonight since tomorrow is the start of her career at the school and she won't be having the time.

"Grand Prince." Her head went down, but he just walked past her.

His right ear pod fell into her tray though, and she quickly picked it up, her face going up.

"Your ear pod." She pointed it at him 

Soren took it with a snatch, his unfriendly eyes glancing at her for one second before he left completely.

"He didn't kick me again?" Xena muttered confusedly. "What's up with him these days?"

"Xena?" Old Chef came over from the castle kitchen.

"Father" she rushed to meet him, and he took the cup tray from her.

"I was afraid the twins got their hands on you again." 

"No I'm fine." She replied.

He stroked her hair as they entered the castle kitchen.

--

[Soul Hall]

Azura sat beside Zeke's body on the bed, looking completely hopeless. 

There's only a thin line between her eyes and tears right now.

She's highly frustrated, and without Zeke by her side, it's hard.

They've always done things together made plans together, paved the way together anytime anyday, so it's weird without him.

She heard someone entering the room, and she didn't even have to look up before knowing who.

"Are you already crying for his funeral? Cool, cos I don't see him waking up anytime soon. You might as well embalm him." Jojo's voice said 

"I'm tired of hearing your voice mother." Azura stood.

"I should have listened to Zeke when he suggested killing you. You're just my mother on the tongue, what have you ever done for me!!" She demanded.

"You're the reason my powers got so weak that I had to rely on mirrors for my magic! You were born cursed with blindness like Pearl, did you forget? I had to sacrifice my years of power cultivation just to save you! I passed my thunder ability and sealing ability down to you, but what did you do? You got married to Zeke, and you gave birth to evil spawns like him. You've inherited his evilness too if not more." Jojo said.

"Oh you did what you should have done, mother. A mother should always save her daughter so stop counting it to my face, and I got married to Zeke cos I love him, and he loves me just as much! We took over this city together, but all you did was find fault in everything the moment Ryker was brought in!" Azura spat heatedly.

"A mother should always save her daughter, so why can't you do same for Pearl? Sacrifice your powers to save her too!" Jojo slammed.

"No, mother. It doesn't work that way. I have Jude and Soren, I have Sadie my sweet baby girl too, so why waste powers on a blind girl!" Azura claimed, and Jojo laughed crookedly.

"You're unbelievable, daughter."

"Azura?" Zeke's voice interrupted their heated argument.

"Mother? Granny?" Jude's voice spoke up too, following Zeke's.

Azura gasped, but Jojo stayed neutral as she watched father and son.

Both Jude and Zeke are already sitting up on their beds, awake.

"Zeke? Oh my heart." Azura sat on his bed, checking him out to confirm his full consciousness.

"Granny?" Jude came down from his bed, but Jojo walked out on them.

--

[Heartless Tower]

Shayla still stood there, mulling over this whole thing and trying to find rest for her mind, but it's just impossible.

Being Ryker's partner.

Ryker being soft with her sometimes and cold to her most times.

Her hidden mark.

The pheromones rush.

Everything is just in a standstill. Nothing is moving for her sake, she feels choked even when there's no hand on her throat.

She heard moves behind, and she whipped back to see Ryker.

He's descending from the knights quarters roof where he has been watching her from.

"Boss?" She blinked.

"Boss?" He repeated, his steps stopping in front of her, just a little space between them. He could feel her mild warmth.

"Cheyenne called you boss, and it sounded chic, so I wanted to try." She smiled, noticing his mood has improved.

"How long have you been watching me?" She asked, stepping closer.

"Since the start" he replied flatly, opening his palm where a black pill sat like dangerous poison.

"Open up." He said, bringing the pill to her lips.

She looked at him inquisitively.

"It's a magical pill, can give you powers for sometime." He said.

Hearing that, she quickly opened her mouth.

He placed it on her tongue, and she swallowed fast.

"Are my eyes shinning already?" She asked, widening her eyes for him.

She stood on her toes, refusing to blink as she brought her face closer to him, their lips almost touching.

She held his arms, and his inner bones contracted under his flesh. He clenched his jaws to restrict himself.

"Are they?" She asked again, but he just stared like she's a rare antique in a museum, new and untouched.

"Hmm?" She sounded.

"Powers don't always work with shiny eyes, Firefly." He replied, suddenly spinning her around.

She gasped, eyes popping as her backside met with his front side.

His right arm curled on her tummy from behind, his left hand held her left hand. 

She could smell his petals, so heavy with this insane closeness, and she could also smell something else she couldn't name. Something hot, so hot that she began sweating.

"You're nervous." Ryker's deep voice made her blink twice.

"No...I'm not. What do I do?" She asked, trying to sound nonchalant which failed by the way.

She sounded nervous.

With a little smirk, Ryker separated her fingers, taking the backhand in his own palm as they faced the tree together, his cold fingers still pressing into her open tummy skin.

"Powers work with your mind, it entangles with your spirit and twists with your soul at the height of it. When it gets untouchable, it links with your life." He said.

"Meaning, I have to try using my mind first?" She asked.

"Smart" he replied, and she smiled.

"Can I bring the wind chime from my window to this place then?" She asked, leaning back into his body without even realizing.

His breaths brushed her neck gently, and her breathings went out of control. Ragged and shaky.

"Your mind, Firefly. Your mind." He muttered behind.

She tried her hardest best to concentrate, calming her mind to summon the wind chime.

She did.

The chime came traveling with the air, and her eyes widened, a large smile spilling on her face.

"It came!" She pointed, detaching herself from him to take the chime which she kissed.

"I did it!" 

She looked up to see him staring, and she pointed at him, trying to make him fall, but it didn't work.

"I made the pills, durak. Of course it won't work on me." He said, so she directed her fingers to the peach tree

The leaves started falling like she wanted, and she smiled again.

"It feels so cool to be able to control things! Boss, now I get your arrogance." She said.

"Well?" He tilted his head, and she chuckled, coming back to stand in front of him.

She held his arms again, warmly.

"Thank you, Moy Vladika." She said sincerely. His eyes softened, the moon spilling over them.

"You didn't say anything when Xena told you about my top 1 feat." 

"You want praises?" He asked, bringing his hand to her chin to hold.

"Is it too much to ask?" She asked.

"Do more, then maybe I can think about it?" He replied.

"Something like?" 

"Give Sadie a little wound, or Kade, your stepbrother." He said.

She frowned subtly.

"They're both very powerful, that's a death call."

"Are you going to stay afraid forever?" He held her chin tighter, and she lifted her lids.

"N...no"

"You're not allowed to be afraid of anyone that's not me. Understood?" He instructed, his fingers tightening on her chin again.

"I'll...try." she stuttered.

"Wrong." He said.

"I understand." She corrected, and he slowly let go of her chin.

"Go eat your dinner. Cheyenne should be done by now." He said.

"Yes, boss." She fondled with the wind chime as she walked backwards.

"Goodnight." She waved with her second hand.

He replied with a nod before she turned around and enter the blue corridor.

She hasn't walked for long before she looked back at him again, seeing that he's still staring.

She quickly rushed off.

"Come out." Ryker sighed, and Sage came out from behind the peach.

He has been there for a while.

"You're knowingly pitting her against Sadie? You know she'd do anything to get that praise. What if Sadie hurts her. That girl is phsychotic." He said.

"A little spice won't hurt." Ryker faced him blankly. "The power pill I gave her isn't that simple. She'd stay charged till the end of tomorrow."

"Grand Supreme and Jude are awake." Sage reported.

Ryker looked at the peach tree, eyes calm like the ocean.

"Things are finally going to get on the wheels again."

--

[West Palace]

Winona just finished drawing the FrostOrb. The family had to wait for her to heal her broken wrists before she was able to draw.

She used red paint to represent the blue glow, and she let out a heavy heave after she was done.

Kasia and Astor picked it up.

"So this is or Ryker's legendary FrostOrb looks like." Kasia muttered, looking thrilled.

"We were told to find the reason for our midnight power loss, and y'all are drawing the FrostOrb?" Blaise said from the couch he's sitting on, glaring at everyone of them.

"The Feast is in less than two weeks, we need to build a fake orb before that time at least. If we're going to steal the real one, we need a fake. And about our midnight power loss, we still have two weeks to think of a solution, so keep calm." Astor said.

"Winona tried stealing the orb, and she was severely wounded. Her wall walker ability is nothing! Mother you can only compel people, and Astor's strikes are weak. My red hair can only blind people. We're all useless here so how do you intend on stealing the FrostOrb?" Blaise stood.

"You forgot to mention one last person." Winona said.

Blaise stopped, then his eyes popped wide. "Faye?"

Silence fell in the lobby immediately.

"No honestly. Tell me, what is she? She sucked out dead ashes poison from Kade and I, and she didn't get affected in the least!" Blaise said.

"I see you're still curious" Faye's voice came from the rails, and he looked up with everyone else.

"Keep being curious, i love it." Faye said again, sticking her tongue out at him, and that was when he noticed something.

Her tongue has a split line in the middle, it's in two parts.

"Wait..." His eyes shadowed.

"You still don't get it?" Winona said, and Blaise gasped.

"You've gotta be kidding me."

--

[Vega Mansion]

"So... tomorrow?" Lilith said as she stopped her car in front of the mansion steel gate.

Mercury is inside her own car too, and the gate is already opening up for her entry.

They spent the whole evening negotiating and making plans, and they only just came to a joint decision not long ago.

"Sure," Mercury smiled. "And make sure you gather the ingredients I mentioned, we'll meet tomorrow night at Mount Zhitomir. Several people were slaughtered there, so it's perfect for us."

"Fine then, don't disappoint." Pearl said beside Lilith in their own car.

"Mercury Vega will never." Mercury smirked before rolling her car inside.

The gate closed after.

"You sure we can trust her?" Pearl asked Lilith.

"We spent hours negotiating with her, Mercury wouldn't waste her time if she's not sure. We only have to wait for tomorrow, you're getting your sight back, baby." Lilith replied, patting Pearl on the shoulder.

The death mark appeared on Pearl's skin immediately, shinning for a while before the brightness died off.

"I can't wait for tomorrow." Pearl smiled.

Lilith shifted to the edge of her seat, adjusted the wheel to her level before driving the car away.

Meanwhile, inside the house... Mercury met Esme pacing the living room restlessly.

She didn't drop her bag before going to her, looking worried.

"You ok, mother?"

"Yeah," Esme smiled. "Just thinking about the Shayla stuff."

"I told you, it's all because Grand Supreme is unconscious. Once he's awake, everything will be settled. It's not worth your time. By the way, I'm going to be performing soul shift tomorrow." Mercury said.

"Thought you said you wanted to stop doing soul shifts." Esme blinked.

"I changed my mind, I'll be doing this for the twins sake. The Pearl girl is my client, and I'm just gonna send her soul into a pig or something." Mercury shrugged, going inside.

"I'll be back for dinner in two minutes!"

Esme went to the cellar to get herself a bottle of wine, her mind wholly filled with her sweetheart Zeke.

Hope he wakes soon.

--

[Next Morning, King Mansion]

Liza was eating from a bowl of dim sum as she sat in the crib, working on her laptop at the same time.

The list for the Lantern Night Feast beauty contest is out, and she's seeing Winona from the West Palace.

"Seriously? Her too? That ugly lady?" Liza shook her head, shoving another piece of dim sum into her mouth.

"I just don't understand."

Kade came out, and surprisingly, he didn't do his usual roughness with her. He just left quietly, but he's still angry.

He came home brutally angry last night, fuming about Shayla's elevation, but what can he do?

Nothing, so he did power practice till daybreak.

Liza dusted her fingers, smiling...

"Things are falling in place, as they should." She relaxed.

--

[East Palace, Soul Hall]

Jude and Zeke are still in there.

Azura refused for them to leave. She had Lilith kill more people this morning, and she has been feeding father and son with the souls to keep them stable.

She only agreed for them to leave when 8am clocked a minute ago.

She's currently walking out the hall with Zeke, both eagar to get back to work.

A lot has to be done. Ryker has ruined a lot of things, so they have to act fast and bring things back to their knees.

Lilith crossed them by the door.

"When is my wedding?" She asked demandingly, looking like she has reached her limits.

"Did you mark Pearl yet?" Azura answered her question with another question.

"Done since last night, she'd die tonight during the soul shift." Lilith replied.

"Good. Let's schedule your wedding for weekend then...we have a lot to take care of right now, so prepare for weekend." Zeke said.

"Really?" Lilith smiled.

"Let's leave, sweetheart." Azura told Zeke who immediately strolled out of the hall with her.

--

[East Palace, Heartless Tower]

Xena and Shayla are in the car already, waiting for whoever is going to drive them.

Their excitement is hanging on their faces vividly. It's literally the first day of their ballet career in the school.

It's finally happening!

"Heard we the five new dancers will be getting a party tonight, and there's going to be a mask game in a mirror maze. It's like a welcoming ritual." Xena announced.

"Mirror maze? It's not dangerous, is it? Never entered one before." Shayla said.

"There'll be guards and Director Esme herself. Also, you have me." Xena winked, and Shayla smiled.

Ryker emerged from his phoria, his black shirt looking custom-made with his physique as he strolled leisurely to the car.

Cheyenne and Sage are standing in front of their quarters, and he threw Cheyenne a knowing glance before getting in the car with the girls.

He drove out of the tower, smoothly.

"You think he somehow found out you're the one who told her to send those pictures?" Sage asked.

"You think he doesn't know?" Cheyenne scoffed. "He's probably going to do something mad."

--

The drive to the school took just two minutes. Yeah, two short minutes.

Normally, it'd take ten, but Ryker was literally flying on the road, the car entered the school park in no time.

Xena left the car first since she's sitting at the backseat.

The moment she stepped out, she could already see armies of the dark surrounding the park. Wolves, ready to devour her and Shayla.

Kade is the first she sighed. He came out of his car and stormed into the school bitterly.

The twins came out of another car, and Mercury.

Sadie's arms are on her chest.

"Father is awake, I'll end the slave today. Unfailingly." She said.

"I know, right?" Mercury smiled.

"Typical you" Soren said.

She scoffed as they went inside together.

Blaise alighted from another car, and Faye came out too.

"Why is today smelling like dramas already? I feel like I need a drink. Should have brought champagne from the West cellar." Faye smiled.

"Finally I can enjoy the drama with you." Blaise said beside her, and she rolled eyes at him.

"You're so silly."

Xena felt the chills as she stared at everyone of them, but she leaned on the car, gently.

--

[Inside The Car]

"Are you coming to get us again like yesterday?" Shayla asked Ryker on the passengers seat.

Instead of answering, his devouring eyes went down to her slightly open laps, hovering.

Shayla shifted slowly on her seat when she saw the stare.

"Is there something wrong?" She asked coolly.

"Your panty, give it to me." He replied out of the blues.

"Huh?" Her eyes shot up to his face, her mind going rowdy and dirty.

"I'm not going to say that again, pretty sure you heard me." He leaned in, and her back reclined into her seat, her eyes casting down.

Suddenly, the car felt suffocated, and she can't breath well at the invasion.

"You didn't really think you'd send those pictures last night and not get a punishment in return, did you?" He smirked, and she gulped.

"I was just trying to..."

"Shhh" he placed a finger on her lips, and her warmth embraced his coldness, her eyes finally blinking.

He spread his palm for her.

She could hear her own chest thumping as her hands went under her skirt, sweaty and hot.

The hands came out from under her skirt, holding her blue lace panty.

Slowly—painstakingly slow, she started riding it down her legs.

A bead of sweat fell from her temple, and she held eyes with him till the panty fell to her ankles.

She lifted her legs from the ground, allowing it to fall off.

She picked it and placed it on his spread palm.

As she watched his palm closing on the material, her ears reddened, and she felt hot in the face. She feels so bare, so naked.

And it got worse when he brought the panty between their faces. He hung it on his pointer finger and swung it twice before folding it into his side pocket.

Shayla clenched her thighs, the redness of her face getting much more worse.

"Is that blush?" Ryker mused, and she quickly placed her soft palms on her cheeks, hiding it.

"No." She muttered, and a quick smile creeped on Ryker's face which she didn't see before it disappeared.

"You have the pill power inside you, feel free to kill anyone you choose. I'll buy them a coffin." He brought his thumb under her chin, dragging and stroking slowly.

"Go." he said, and her eyes snapped to him. She looks madly horrified.

"Without panty under my skirt?" She asked. It came out in a hush whisper.

His thumb stopped in the middle of her chin, tilting her face up so he's gazing directly into her eyes.

"Each time your naked thighs rub together, remember what you did last night, and at the end of today, you'll get your panty back inside my bedroom." He said, each word sinking deeply into her.

Her heart skipped several beats that one fleeting minute.

"Bed...room?"

"Yes, Firefly. In my bedroom." He replied clearly.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 37&38.

Y'ALL DON'T WANNA HEAR HOW HARD IT WAS TO TYPE THIS CHAPTER WITH TWO SHORT HOURS COS OF MY BUSY DAY.

I'LL BE VERY BUSY THIS WEEK, SO YOU'LL WORK HARD FOR THE CHAPTERS BEFORE I CAN POST.

If I come home by 7 and requirements are incomplete, forget about a chapter.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share. Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow or I'm not dropping.

★

Shayla's thighs clenched more than it already was. She felt a faint pulse between them which she tried fervently to keep low.

It felt like a clock is in there, ticking aggressively. Her palms went balled, and her cheeks became a deeper shade of red.

Ryker watched all these reactions as if he payed for it, and even the holy heavens know it's priceless to see her like this—shy, red, and horrified just by the mere mention of bedroom.

"I almost forgot." He brought up a small bag which he handed to her.

She opened it to peek inside.

"A phone?" She read the body label. There are two boxes inside, one white and the other black, obviously for her and Xena.

"The black is yours. There are three saved numbers on it already. Cheyenne's, Sage's and Xena's." He explained as she opened the black box, and her eyes went up instantly.

"What about yours?"

"Dial 1 on speed dial, that's me." He replied, teaching her how to.

"I get it" she smiled, rubbing her thumb on the phone body.

"Thank you." she looked at him, catching the beauty of his soft eyes.

"Told Xena to pack some lunch for you. You can't eat at the cafe, and you can't drink anything from their vending machine. Also, drink your water cold. Warm water is going to hurt your tummy cos your warm body would react against it." He said.

All these while, she's staring at him with attentive doe eyes, and she couldn't blink till he was done.

"No wonder, my tummy acts up whenever my drinking water is warm." She muttered.

"I won't do everything you said, and I'll retaliate to bullies, but you suddenly sound like you're.....traveling." She said suspiciously, her small voice becoming smaller at the last word.

"Who knows?" He gave her a eye smile, and she blinked.

"Go" he said, unplugging the seat belt from her body.

She nodded once, waving her second hand before getting out of the car, and that was when she got reminded of the nakedness under her skirt.

Ryker's car sped down the smooth road, the air blew under her skirt, brushing her opening and making her stomach clench on nothing. 

The feeling is so new to her that she doesn't even understand what it means.

"That took almost a year." Xena said behind her, taking her out of her thoughts.

"Xena," she faced her. "Sorry, I just had a lot to ask."

"Your cheeks are red, did he do something touching?" Xena smiled, leaning closer.

"It's still red?" Shayla touched her cheek, gently.

"Pretty much, that's a development." Xena winked, and Shayla chuckled lightly, showing her the phone boxes.

Xena picked the white one immediately, gasping as if it's some lost but found treasure.

"I've always wanted this! Human technology is only available here in the City Management Office, so it's expensive as hell. I bet each of these costs millions." She said.

"If they hate humans so much, why use their technology and sell it for exorbitant prices?" Shayla looked up

Xena hung her arm on her shoulder, strolling into the school with her.

"Luminarians are crazy, baby. Don't try to reason with them, you'll lose your mind. Now let's go start our ballet careers." She said.

"Love the sound of that" Shayla smiled, and Xena grinned.

--

Cheyenne and Sage are already waiting at the middle of the school road for Ryker.

They're wearing different suits from before.

"Wait...you washed off the tint from your hair?" Cheyenne suddenly noticed, and he nodded.

"Yeah, you said it didn't fit."

"Why would my opinion even matter?" Cheyenne scoffed.

"What do you mean?"

"Don't listen to what I have to say about your appearance. Me saying the tint didn't fit you was just for talking sake." She said.

"But—"

"Do what you like, Sage. I shouldn't always have the upper hand even over your hair... please!" She strictly interrupted, and Sage went silent as their face mirrored, but Cheyenne was the first to look away.

Ryker's car grinded to a fast halt beside them, and they both snuck inside. Cheyenne got on the driver's seat, and Sage took the passengers.

Ryker went to the backseat.

"I clearly warned against calling me Boss whenever we're in this city." He said with a cutting edge, directing the words to Cheyenne in particular.

"It skipped my mind yesterday when I was chatting with her in the kitchen. I'm sorry, My Lord. Won't happen again." She bowed.

"Are we spending more than one week this time?" Sage asked.

"Depends." Ryker grimly replied.

"Move, to the crossover ladder." Sage nudged Cheyenne's shoulder.

"I missed the human world, finally some fresh air!" Cheyenne breathed as she drove them off.

Ryker shut his eyes at the backseat, the strong smell of pheromones riddling his head.

Darn it... Eternus didn't say it'd be as crazy as this.

He could smell it in every breath.

--

[FrostOrb Hall]

The glow from the orb got increasingly brighter, hitting the walls and roof and leaking out through the spaces around the door.

Jude is absorbing power aggressively from it. He has overfed himself with the orb energy, and there's barely any space for him to absorb more, but he kept going, groaning as the energy muddled his senses, curling around his brain and threatening to make him mad.

He didn't stop.

He imagined how Ryker had knocked him down in the cave, how he made him unconscious for days. Ryker is only but a lowly thief who's trying to steal rightfully belongs to him, and it's unacceptable.

He growled out as the thoughts darkened his head, leaving no space for balance. He's starting to lose his sanity, but he's still not stopping.

He was pushed away from the orb premises when another person came in, and he lurched back.

The wall took the impact of his body, and he wasn't shocked to see Granny Jojo standing in front of him, her face the deepest shade of disappointment.

"If you absorb too much power than you can take, you'll run wild and go mad." She said.

"I know," He carried his weight away from the wall.

"You do?" 

"I said I know!!!" He yelled.

The angry depth of his voice flung Jojo up to the ceiling tile. Her body crashed a hole on it, and she was thrown back down, brutally.

Her body hit the ground with a deadly thud, and she sustained injuries on the head. 

Deep, fleshy ones.

"You're only gonna speak in his defense as usual, so keep quiet! From now on, I'll work with my own rules. I'm a part of the family, and I'll start acting like it!" He growled.

Jojo kept laying on the floor, bleeding heavily and unconscious. Her blood painted the ground already.

The sound of claps echoed on the walls from outside, and Jude's head went up, eyes shadowing as Lilith came in with Pearl.

"If anyone told me Jude would turn out to be a bold, bad hateful dude one day, I'd have denied it." Lilith smiled, stopping her claps.

"I dunno what you and my parents are planning, but stick to it and stop getting your ugly face in my way!!" Jude shouted angrily, coming for her, but Lilith threw a jacket at him, the one she stole from Shayla.

"Where did you get this?" Jude caught it, looking up and bringing it to his nose. Luckily, it still has Shayla's warm scent. He inhaled it.

"I took it from her that night, intending to sell it and make money, but now that I'm a part of this family and have enough money for myself, I'm returning it to you." Lilith smiled.

"You and I," Pearl talked, and Jude looked her way.

"We're the most poorly treated members of this family. Our parents are a team, the twins are a team, how about we be a team too?" She continued, stepping ahead of Lilith.

"I'll be getting my sight back tonight, so you can look forward to it. I have a feeling we'll work better together." 

"I do not need your collaboration! What do you possibly know? You spent your entire life in the basement anyways." Jude muttered, sniffing the jacket again.

"I'm not asking for your cooperation, I'm ordering it. You'll come crawling to me." Pearl replied smugly.

Jude laughed amusingly, but it was short cos Azura dashed into the hall.

Lilith took Pearl out of the room, leaving mother and son.

"Mother" Jude mumbled.

That was replied with a hot, blinding hit on the face which made his facial skin shake.

"Mother!!" He yelled painfully, but he was slapped again and again. His eyes widened in both shock and anger.

"Mother!!!!" He yelled louder, grabbing her arms and pushing her back. Azura broke free and slapped him for the fourth time, angrily.

"Touch me again, and I won't hold back. I'll kill you" Jude threatened.

"You want the slave? So much that you payed with your soul just to enter the land of the condemned for her? Do you know how many souls I revived you with?" Azura's enraged voice dropped, and he frowned, his red face bearing her fingerprints.

"So it's about her?"

"What else?" Azura shouted. "Everyone in this family has one thing or the other they're doing to bring grace and honor, but all you have going on is lust for a slave? Aren't you ashamed?"

"She's not a slave! And it's not lust! I liked her the moment I set my eyes on her in that dark room cage! Is it a sin to crave her?" 

"Yes! The only reason you should be going after her is to end her life, not to own her heart! She has to die for this family legacy to continue!!" Azura snatched the jacket from him.

"Not that! Give it back to me!!" He went after her, but she was already out of the room.

She made the door shut on his face, and she went down to the burner at the lobby.

She threw the jacket into the burner, and when Jude finally got to her, his run stopped with a screech, and his eyes came wide the moment he saw the burning jacket.

"No...no...no..." He cried, falling on his weak knees in front of the burner.

"You won't be able to stand from your knees till tomorrow. Stay there, and reflect on your shameful actions. You want the slave romantically? Dream on, you'll be getting her dead body instead." Azura told him before she went back upstairs.

Zeke was waiting by the staircase when she arrived, she walked directly into his waiting arms.

"Don't be too hard." He said.

"He needed it to set him straight, I need him back to his senses. He knocked mother unconscious in the orb hall, I think she might go back into coma." She replied.

"Cool, she was useless anyways. My mother would be coming to the palace soon to replace her." Zeke replied, and Azura smiled.

"I can't wait for her arrival."

"By the way, what's the plan? Feast is in two weeks...Ryker and the partner are still breathing fine. The fact that she's in that ballet school is like a slap to my face." She said.

"I'll go see Director Esme this evening." Zeke broke the hug.

"I'll go with you." Azura said.

"No. I'll go alone. You stay back and do something else for me tonight."

"What do I have to do?" Azura backed the railings.

"His spring pool at the Bamboo Groove, have it poisoned. He's highly suspicious, so enter without carrying your aura with you. Get his father's tears into the pool." Zeke said.

"The Old Chef?"

"Yeah, he has poison tears, and you know the funniest part? The poison only works on his family. Even if you have to cut his spleen or split his tendons to make him cry, do it." Zeke ordered.

"And after poisoning the pool?" Azura asked curiously. 

Zeke smiled, touching her hair.

"Just wait for results. It's hightime we start the music, I bet he won't see this coming."

--

[Human World, Beijing~China—A Glass Mansion]

For several years, the glass building has been taking the lead among luxury glass mansions in the country.

Even people who haven't seen it before has seen picture, at least.

Everyone knows the mansion of the richest man in the world who has houses in several countries.

He owns the biggest jewelry company existing—Frost H2O, having branches in more than twenty five countries. They produce and trade jewelries on large scales, and their products are unbelievably expensive.

His second largest branch is here in China, but his main headquarters is in Russia where he's rumoured to be a citizen of.

No one knows anything about him except the fact that he's intimidatingly rich, and he's a good-looking male.

The glass mansion isn't guarded, but no fly can even come close as the location is hidden, and in the most dense part of Beijing.

It's 5pm here, and the mansion is silent, brightened with lights and looking like a suitable synonym of paradise as it stood regally in the middle of the towering gate.

One could see every room from outside since the glass is clearly transparent, and in the first living room, the television is on, news reading on the screen.

★ Owner of Worldwide Frost H2O, the richest man living—Ryker Morozov is back from his yearly travel, and his world tour around his branches starts tonight, starting from his China branch in Beijing...

Cheyenne strolled out of the closest room, grabbing the TV remote and turning it off.

She smashed the remote.

"Urg! They're too fast with news in this world, I can't with them. How did they even know Boss has arrived?"

"Are you underestimating his aura?" Sage came out after her, holding a bowl of raspberries.

"He doesn't have to announce, his aura speaks. The money is enough to drive anyone mad." He smiled.

"Stop praising him, my head might just burst on his behalf." Cheyenne replied, and Sage laughed.

"Must have been hard for him, pretending he doesn't like phones just to keep his human world transactions down. Damn." Sage sighed.

"Wonder what's gonna happen if Zeke and Azura finds out of this vast wealth." Cheyenne picked from his raspberries.

"That'll only increase their greed. Am I the only one wanting them to find out? I'd love to see them try." Sage replied, and Cheyenne chuckled.

They both straightened up when Ryker stepped out, his aura snatching the air as usual.

He's wearing a beige color suit, but even the pants—loose pants, moderately fitted jeweled jacket, bulky dress shoes and spicy perfume.

He looks as divine as ever, typical ice god.

"Manager Bao is already waiting to receive you with the branch staffs. They did their best to keep reporters away from the building. Your entry will be easy." Sage reported.

"The branch conference starts at 6, we should arrive in ten minutes." Cheyenne added.

Ryker didn't talk, he just led the way out while they followed, leaving for the park where they all got into one of his custom-made cars.

Cheyenne drove them.

In ten minutes, they arrived at the Beijing branch, a gigantic skyscraper which dwarfed other buildings around it.

Getting out of the car, they met the Manager, Mr. Bao outside the skyscraper. He's waiting in two lines with the higher up member of staffs who're old experienced men, and they all have welcoming smiles on their faces, some holding flowers to welcome him with.

"You took long before returning this year." Manager Bao smiled.

"Had important things to take care of. The board of staffs?" Ryker asked crisply.

"They're in the hall, waiting for your arrival sir. Everything is set for the meeting, but we'll probably end it late. There's a lot to settle." Manager Bao said.

"There's a lot of time between now and dawn, lead the way." Ryker instructed.

"Of course..." The man smiled with another bow, and they went in with the entourage of staffs.

"He doesn't like flowers, he prefers blue roses. Keep the flowers away." Cheyenne told the staffs holding flowers, and they quickly dumped them in the trash.

Getting to the elevator, Ryker's phone buzzed in his suit pocket, and he smiled down when he saw the message sitting on screen from you know who.

Fire: Boss, what exactly are you going to do with my underwear? I feel so naked and I can't even concentrate here. It has been pulsing all day.

His smile broadened, the dimples displaying on his cheeks.

Sage signalled secretly at Cheyenne, they both winked at each other when they saw it.

Ryker set his thumb on the screen, typing back.

Ryker: Who did you kill yet?

Fire: No one, no one came closer yet. It has been one written class to another.

Ryker: You're only allowed to text again when you kill someone.

He pocketed the phone, and the elevator split open, showing them to the top floor where the meeting is happening at.

Everyone got down from the elevator except him.

He stayed back and fisted the underwear out of his pocket, bringing it close to his nose without hesitating.

He sniffed.

This should be enough to fight the pheromones.

It should be enough to get rid of the hormones.

But that was a mistake.

A large one.

--

[Luminaria, Black Swan Ballet School]

Time here is different from the human world.

It's currently 4pm, but school is still full of dancers. Classes have been non-stop.

The five newbies have been taking written ballet classes since morning, no dance practices yet.

They're only just leaving the last written class, and now they have the time to eat their lunch.

It's been a tough first day.

As they made their way to the cafeteria to eat, Shayla's feet was killing her in her heels shoes.

She's bending her heels to walk, and Xena noticed very fast.

"My legs ..." She grunted.

"I have a solution for that..." Xena said, opening her backpack and bringing out flat shoes.

"How come you have this?" Shayla blinked.

"Ryker gave them to me, said you weren't comfortable with heels, so I kept them, waiting for when you'd complain." Xena replied, and Shayla smiled, wondering how he found out about that.

She took them from her, flipped off her heels and put on the flat shoes, feeling much more at ease.

"Can I use the restroom? I need to urinate. Wait here for me." Xena suddenly said, and Shayla nodded.

Xena made her way into the restroom, and Shayla stood outside, viewing Ryker's last message.

She shouldn't text again if she doesn't kill anyone? 

Strict.

She clenched her thighs for the umpteenth time today.

Her throat went dry, the hot scent hitting her nose again.

Is this the pheromone rush Cheyenne talked about? 

Why is she feeling like urinating even when there's no urine in her bladder? She has urinated close to twenty times today.

Also, her back.

The middle of her back.

She's suddenly feeling weird over there. She feels weird and hot, and she feels like eyes are watching her, so she turned around, but no one is in that corner.

She's alone.

"I'm done." Xena came out of the bathroom, and just as they were about to leave, Soren appeared from the corner.

"Follow me" he told Xena.

"Me?" Xena's heart skipped beats.

He simply walked away without replying, and Xena looked at Shayla.

"Go to the cafeteria, I'll be right back."

"If he tries anything funny, send me a message through a bee, I'll come for you." Shayla muttered.

"Of course" Xena smiled, rushing after Soren.

Shayla left that corridor too, and a minute later, Liza came out of one of the corners, looking impressed.

"My daughter looks good, as she should. Guess the demigod is doing his partner job well." She smiled.

--

[Cafeteria]

The former Shayla would have cowered and stepped back the moment she entered the cafeteria, but according to Ryker, she's not supposed to be scared of anyone that's not him, so she entered despite the various evil eyes.

Sadie and Mercury are at a clear side of the care, drinking soy milk and glaring at her.

Kade is on another side, and he's not even sitting down. He's on his feet, sneering at her, harder.

Faye and Blaise occupied another side, they look peaceful, and Faye is even smiling at her.

The cafeteria buzzed with noises from other dancers who're discussing about what they're going to wear to tonight's mirror maze party and how a distant prince is coming to get a bride at the party.

The females are already clamoring on who he's going to chose, and how the party is going to be a one of a kind.

Shayla settled down on a middle table, sitting the lunch pack on the table and setting the dishes in front of herself.

The first thing her eyes caught was dim sum, the pastry her mother used to serve her when she was still living with her, and as she remembered, her mood got ruined.

             {Age 4, Liza's Mansion}

Growing up, Shayla knew her life wasn't the usual bed of roses tales. 

Being a product of rape and a half-breed, she was always in the wrong with her mother Liza, nothing could ever please the woman.

She just finished her dinner for tonight—five pieces of dim sum. She ate them and drank some water from the kitchen kettle cos the freezer isn't open for her.

The moment she drank the warm water, her stomach hurt like hell, but who's she gonna cry to?

She went to the storage room where she sleeps nightly.

She lay on the mat and clutched at her tummy, crying silently.

Even as a 4 year old kid, she knows what pains entails. 

She has been through it more time than she could count.

She was crying silently when Liza barged into the store room. Her stomach is heavy with Kade's pregnancy.

Cruelty flashed across her face when she saw Shayla sleeping on that mat, every existing nasty thing lined in her head for pick.

"How many times do you want me to repeat myself! You don't belong in a bed or even a mat! You should sleep on the floor! Floor!!" She pulled the mat away from Shayla.

"Ma, I'm..I'm sorry. It's just that my stomach has been acting up." Shayla struggled to her knees.

"I am not your ma! Stop calling me ma! I'm not your mother! I might have given birth to you, but it aches to see you always so stop! Every half-breed are always sent to the census office immediately they're birthed, but I had to bribe the managers just to make you spend five years with me, do you know why?" Liza pulled her up by her ear.

"Ma...ma please...it hurts!!" Shayla cried out.

"It's because I want to hurt you as much as your father hurt me! How dare he rape me at my weakest! How dare he put something like you in my stomach! And you, you're just a skinny little idiot who won't know your place! I lost my powers all because of you, and you still turned bold enough to sleep on a mat?" She pulled out a broomstick.

Hellish cries leaked out of Shayla's lips as she began thrashing her with the broomstick, wickedly.

                  {Present Time}

Shayla stopped herself from crying. She held the tears in the brims of her lids, trying to take her mind away from the awful remembrance.

She started eating her meal in the noisy cafe, pushing the dim sum dish away and going for a plate of salad and pasta.

At the same time, she's looking at the door frequently for any sign of Xena.

"Look who's eating with the royals, boldly." Sadie appeared in front of her suddenly.

"I bet she's having the best time of her life. It's a once in a lifetime privilege." Mercury joined her, they both sat in front of her.

"May I join this table too?" Kade appeared too, taking her seat right beside her.

Shayla dropped her fork, looking up.

"What do y'all want from me?" She asked simply.

"A lot, and I mean it." Sadie replied, taking her plate of salad. She spat inside it and gave it to Mercury.

Mercury spat inside it too, and Kade did the same across the table, then they dropped it back for her.

"But," Sadie stood. "Maybe I might reconsider if you eat this " she smiled.

"C'mon, that's what slaves should eat. The fact that you're a lowly partner counts as nothing. The jewelries on your body is just decor, no amount of panel beating can save you according to Sadie." Mercury laughed.

"Clear your plate." Kade added beside her.

Shayla looked at the plate of food, then at the three people surrounding her. She looked around, and she saw everyone staring at that table, expecting the explosion.

Faye and Blaise aren't far from them, and they look the most anxious.

"It's starting." Faye sighed, plopping a grape into her mouth.

"I wonder what's Kade's issue with her though." Blaise said.

Shayla suddenly stood from the chair she's sitting on, but Kade pulled her back by the shoulder.

She stood again, and this time, Sadie and Mercury brought her back to her seat.

"Try to stand again, and you'll die flat on this table. You won't walk out of this cafeteria alive!" Sadie threatened.

Shayla stood, overlooking her threat.

"What can you do to me anyways? You're nothing without your brother. And why hate on me just because I was bought by the demigod? I'm not the cause of your ugly misfortunes." She slammed.

"Oh...she's talking." Mercury stood.

"You really shouldn't have done that." Sadie flipped the table away, wasting the dishes and drawing more attention to that angle.

The cafe is as silent as a graveyard right now, expect for the sound of her harsh breathings as she stomped to Shayla, raising her hand and trying to throw her against the wall.

Mercury and Kade have their hands raised too, the three planning to hot her at the same time.

The death would be clean.

But then...Shayla did the same.

She raised her hand, and Sadie laughed.

"You're really crossing your boundaries, see you in the next life." She muttered, signalling to the others.

They sent her strikes at the same time, but Shayla counterattacked with hers.

She used her mind, doing just as Ryker taught. The three of them flew to the south, east and north sides of the cafeteria, and they sustained injuries on their faces.

Everyone stood, eyes doubling up in wideness and chests thumping with sudden fear.

They could suddenly feel Ryker's aura from her. It's unmistakable.

The silence deepened, and Blaise was the last to stand up beside Faye.

"What's going on? She actually defeated Sadie?" He muttered.

"I knew I was gonna need a drink for today. Gosh!" Faye fawned over Shayla.

Sadie and her co-bullies are still on the ground, groaning.

She mind-linked to Soren, telling him to come to the cafeteria to join her right now, but nothing came.

She stood to her feet, Mercury and Kade joined her again.

For the second time, they tried their lucks, but Shayla swayed to the south, plucking the windows from the cafe with her mind.

The glass windows came crashing on the heads of all three of them. 

It even entered Kade and Sadie's bodies like clothes, and their flesh got cut with the window blades in several places.

Gasps. Screams. Yells.

Everything loud filled the cafeteria at the same time, and Mercury was the first to fall on her knees, tears falling out of her eyes.

Shayla stood there, stunned by her own doings, but she likes it. This power. This control.

She's enjoying it.

Slowly, she lifted the fallen table head, bringing it to both Kade and Sadie.

"Oh no..." Blaise muttered.

"RIP Sadie Millions!!!" Faye screamed, tension crawling into the cafe again.

--

[Human World, Frost H2O Meeting]

Ryker's mind has been on a loop since the start of the meeting.

Not a single thing is entering his ears. It's like someone had the two blocked with some cotton.

Now it's not even only the pheromone rush. The underwear with him is making him crazy, and he's getting sudden coldness which is not even supposed to happen.

His body is shaking, and at the same time, his head is hazing out.

The words of the senior staffs who're making reports and showcasing their new products came as white noise to him. He's not hearing anything.

It got worse with the minutes, seconds... milliseconds.

Sage leaned into him.

"Boss, are you ok?" He asked the question.

Ryker couldn't even answer.

He froze the meeting hall, and all staffs went frozen on their seats and feet. Everyone iced up except Cheyenne and Sage.

"Five minutes." Ryker stood from his swivel,. He conjured a gateway on the wall, and he left through the gateway.

"Not understanding anything at the moment." Sage said confusedly.

"Me neither." Cheyenne said.

--

[Luminaria, Ballet School]

Three steps.

Shayla was only able to take three steps forward with the table head.

Before she could even get near them, her morale went down.

It's like something fell from her body, and she immediately realized it's the pill. The pill power time is up, and now she's back to normal.

The table head fell from her, and Mercury stood when she noticed that.

Sadie and Kade are still on the ground, bleeding and crying loudly especially Kade.

"You're dead!" Mercury spat, taking the table head and coming for her.

Shayla stepped back, her back meeting with the wall.

"No." Faye muttered.

She almost ran to the scene, but cold icy air suddenly entered the cafeteria, sharing flu and chills to the skin of everyone.

Some even went blind when it entered their eyes, and by the time it disappeared, Shayla was already gone.

Mercury flung herself back to the ground, spitting blood.

"What was that?" Faye stopped midway as everyone stood from their hiding spots like.

Blaise looked at Sadie and Kade on the ground, and he clicked his tongue.

"The mighty has fallen."

--

[East Palace, Heartless Tower]

Shayla didn't understand anything till she arrived here, and she felt a huge sense of relief when she saw who took her away from the school...

Ryker.

He's right in front of her, looking dashing in a suit. It's the first time she'd be seeing him wear that, and that colour is just... Perfect.

He's looking at her hungrily, and she has no idea why he looks like that. His lips are slightly parted, and his jaws kept moving up, down.

"I would have killed them, but the pill power ended, and I was robbed of my glory. Hope you're not mad about that, I'll do better next time. Also, I dunno but the middle of my back kept feeling weird, and I've been feeling like urinating but whenever I visited the restroom, there was no pee, and—"

"It's not urine, Shayla." He cut her off with a silent mutter, eyes unchanging.

Shayla gasped. He just called her by her name!

"It's not urine, you're wet." He whispered deeply, his throat moving up and down again.

"You...you just called my name." She whispered shockingly.

"Congratulations on getting into the school in top 1, Firefly." He hushed, and UNEXPECTEDLY, his mouth lowered into her face.

He kissed her lips.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 39&40.

I'LL BE VERY BUSY THIS WEEK, SO YOU'LL WORK HARD FOR THE CHAPTERS BEFORE I CAN POST.

If I come home by 7 and requirements are incomplete, forget about a chapter.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share. Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow or I'm not dropping.

★

Shayla's eyes went wide with a big bulge, almost pushing the balls out of their sockets.

Instantly, a slim line of sweat fell from her temple, rolling down her chin before dropping on her chest.

Her ears went red.

Ryker's lips didn't move, it sat there softly on hers, as if waiting for her approval.

Her eyes kept fluttering—they refused to close. Her body went paused, she couldn't move, but she could already taste him on her tongue.

Ryker's eyes are open, too. He could feel the lusciousness of her lips already, and It only made his hunger worse.

His right hand went to hold her face, angling it up properly.

She gasped into his mouth, her mouth opened in the process. He deepened the kiss, capturing her whole lips and stealing her breaths.

Her right hand grabbed his suit jacket, fisting it as shaky breaths escaped her nostrils.

Her eyes went shut before she knew it, and Ryker took that as a sign. He began moving, eating her lips hard.

He didn't use the tongue though, considering the fact that she doesn't even know how to kiss yet.

He just ate her, licked and sucked on the two parts, parting her mouth and sighing inside, eating her gasps and stealing all of her softness away.

Her tenderness and innocence are so sweet that he couldn't even get enough no matter how hard he ate.

He only got hungrier, and his groans got heavier, his pace snapped.

He spiralled.

Her hold on his suit tightened to a knot, and her breaths stopped coming as she tried to respond as sweetly as possible, but despite his intentional slowness, she still wasn't able to match up.

Also, the heat in the middle of her naked legs is getting worse. She's aching so bad. It's beating like an heart, and she began feeling the need to pee again.

It was wilder than the ones she felt in school, she couldn't control it this time. She felt it crawling out of her opening, and she gently pushed his chest with her second hand.

Despite his desperate need to satisfy his mad hunger, Ryker was attentive. 

He pulled away from her when he felt the push. He broke the kiss, her pink lips looking pale as their eyes met again.

She looks embarrassed, and scared.

"I think... maybe I peed on myself." She said, blinking her eyes away from him.

He caught her chin, making sure she's staring at his eyes.

"I told you, it's not pee. You're simply wet. It's the pheromones." He whispered.

"Is that why you kissed me too? The pheromones?" She asked, searching his eyes for answers as tension soared between them.

Ryker didn't talk, but his expression is too dark to read.

"And...what does wetness mean?" She asked, causing his brows to twitch.

She doesn't even know that? 

She has been too sheltered away from this cruel world, lived all her life in a cage, so it's understandable.

"Come here." he pulled her to the bed, pushing her to sit down on it.

He went on a knee in front of her, then he held her laps, trying to spread her legs, but she held back.

His eyes rode up to hers, and he saw a lot of doubt in there.

"What are you going to do to me?" She asked, slightly shaky.

"Do you trust me?" He asked in a hush.

She nodded once.

"Words, Firefly." He reminded.

"I do" she corrected.

"Spread your legs, let me take a look at the situation down there." He said.

Shayla rested her palms on the mattress, fisting the bedsheets tight, then slowly...she opened her thighs.

It took an extra minute after she did it before Ryker shifted his eyes there

Just like he expected, she's freshly soaked, and it's not the normal kind.

It's much.

She needs touches. Deep, sensual strokes. She needs them.

The sweet scent of her coochie made the darkness in his eyes intensify, his mind went numb together with everything pulsing inside him.

It's like time stopped, he couldn't control the influence.

His fingers started going there, crawling towards her wet entrance, riding on her thighs and drawing invisible sèx lines on her skin.

The jewel rings on his fingers went deadly cold against her skin, and Shayla held her breaths, her toes shaking on the ground.

She grabbed the bedspread again. 

The closer his hand got to her entrance, the more breathless she became.

His finger was just an inch away from her pink clîtoris when his phone rang in his suit pocket, and that shattered the ice building in the moment. It shattered the tension.

His hand stopped, and Shayla's breaths came back.

He withdrew his hand and pulled out the stupid ringing phone.

'Sage' flashed on the screen.

With a unsatisfied sigh, he swiped green, standing up.

"Boss, you said five minutes but it's ten minutes already. The gateway you created is starting to close. Also, the ice is starting to melt without you here." Sage reported.

"My ice?" Ryker frowned, getting serious.

"Yes, you froze the staffs but they're starting to melt even without you." Sage replied.

Ryker hung up immediately, he turned around to see Shayla is already standing behind him.

He took her underwear out of his pocket, then he took her palm and placed it there.

Another look into her eyes, he was already walking out of the bedroom.

But she quickly held the tip of his suit jacket with two fingers, and that was enough to stop him.

He turned to her again.

"I feel better, strangely. Is it because of the kiss?" She asked.

"Obviously?" He replied.

Her smile widened.

"I like it though...the kiss. I like it so much." She shyly said, taking her bottom lip into her mouth.

Ryker felt his throat moving again.

Darn, this shouldn't be happening when he has so much to settle in the human world right now.

"I'll send Cheyenne to take care of you. Rest here and prepare for your maze party." He said.

"Are you going somewhere?"

"To the human world, I've got too much to settle." He answered.

"Oh..." She quickly let go of his suit. "You should go quickly then, but can I have another pill?"

"I conjured the pill power from my FrostOrb, and you're fire, Shayla. If you take too much ice energy, you'll suffer backlash." He explained.

"Right...I didn't know." She muttered.

His eyes caught something on the floor, and he bent slightly to pick it up. It's her left earring.

"It must have fallen" she said.

Ryker brushed her hair behind her ear, giving him access to her ear. He wore it back for her.

"You're not comfortable with the long hair, I'll have it cut to shoulder level soon." He said.

"No no! You used your power to make it as long as this, so don't cut it. I like it, and I've grown comfortable with it." She quickly said.

"And the heels?" He asked.

"I'm still trying to adjust to that, for now." she replied sincerely.

"Wear flats to the party, and don't drink alcohol. Not even a drop." He said, rubbing her earlobe.

"Yes, My Lord." She smiled brightly.

He responded with a light smile which made her eyes gleam.

He's got dimples? They're beautiful!

But before she could comment about them, he has already teleported out of the room, leaving her to herself.

She sat back on the king-sized bed, peering at the underwear on her palm. He really gave it back to her in his bedroom.

She looked around his huge bedroom, taking in the smell of his petals and his godly aura.

But everything flashed from her memory when she remembered Xena. 

"Xena!" She stood from the bed, rushing out of the room.

She bumped into Cheyenne by the door, and Cheyenne held her before she could fall.

"Why the run, Tiny?" 

"Xena. I left her in school. Soren came to get her before I went to the cafeteria alone, so—"

"She's fine." Cheyenne cut her off.

"How are you so sure?" Shayla asked in confusion.

"Before Lord Ryker sent you both to the school, he made plans, so if she wasn't fine, he would have known, and would have gone to the school to get her himself." Cheyenne explained.

"Oh..." Shayla sounded, frowning and giving her lip a slight bite when she felt the subtle feeling in the middle of her back again.

"You good?" Cheyenne asked.

"The middle of my back, I've been feeling odd." Shayla replied.

Cheyenne's lids went up."Did you just say the middle of your back?"

She went behind Shayla, pulled her blouse up to view her back.

There's still no mark, but the middle has a red line, and it's hotter than the rest of her skin.

Cheyenne gasped.

"I think your mark is preparing to show. I think so. You're getting your fire soon."

"Seriously?" Shayla turned to her, eyes wide.

"Trust me." Cheyenne replied.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School]

The party starts by 8, and it's still only 6pm, so there's still time to laze around and chat about the happenings from two hours ago.

It's all-over the lumi web and every other small tabloids in the city, both magical and ordinary.

Kade King, son of Liza King.

Mercury Vega, daughter of Esme Vega.

Sadie Millions, Grand Princess of the East Palace.

The three important ballerinas got thrashed and wounded brutally by Shayla, a slave from the East Palace.

The three of them have been taken to the Haven for alchemists treatment, but according to the reports flying around, their wounds are refusing to heal.

Faye and Blaise sat in a corner at the graffiti hall, both laughing as they checked out their phones, going to every web to read the hashtags.

"Someone said that was the first time they saw Sadie's tears." Blaise said.

"So that witch can actually cry? Oh heavens, I love Shayla for this." Faye replied.

"I still don't know what is Kade's problem with her though." Blaise wondered loudly.

"Isn't he your best friend? Ask him." Faye shrugged.

"And who do you think came for her?" Blaise wondered again.

"Are you retarded? Of course it's the demigod. Do you know how many dancers went blind cos of the cold wind? He once saved you, I believe you should have recognized his aura by now." Faye rolled eyes.

"But...what's the source of Shayla's sudden power? She's fire, so of it was her power, we should see fire." Blaise spoke again.

"Now I'm getting really tired of your questions. She's the demigod's partner, of course he knows how to keep his partner safe. He probably injected her with some magic potion." Faye rolled eyes again.

"Be kind with your words, and stop rolling eyes at me." Blaise said, and Faye scoffed.

"Wait...what are you feeling like? Just because I'm here talking to you doesn't mean we're close, so you have no right to chose how I talk to you. You're the same person who named your late dog by my name." She stood, grabbing her juice cup.

"You hate my mother Kasia, I hate your father Astor too, that's enough reason to make me mad." Blaise stood in defense.

"Wrong," Faye flashed a finger across his face. "I hated your mother, but not anymore. I've decided to reason with her, she's a good woman who's trying to get her place back in this city, and I'll do all I can to help her cos...my father really loves her." 

She grabbed her bag and gave him a fake smile.

"I'm gonna go dress up for the maze party, maybe the distant prince might notice me." She said, and walked out.

Blaise sat back with a humph.

He took his own cup of juice, but it's emoty, just ice.

In frustration, he poured the ice in his mouth and chewed, getting his phone to go back to the web.

"Tommorow is the dark room auction for this month? Last slave auction was two months ago, and that was Shayla. The auction didn't hold last month cos the slave committed suicide." He read, scrolling up.

"Prince of Eclypseria—the second most populated non-human city, will be coming to Luminaria to chose a bride for himself." He read.

"Wait..." He looked up. "Is he the same Prince Dyke who'll be coming here tonight to chose a bride? Is he even handsome?" He scoffed.

He clicked on his picture, nodding.

"I'll give him a seven over ten for the looks. Let's see what tonight is going to look like." He sighed, chewing on the ice again before standing.

He left the hall.

At the back of that same hall, Soren and Xena are sitting.

There's a closed compartment which can only be accessed by exclusive dancers, and Soren occupied the compartment with her.

He's sitting on a table, and she's sitting on a chair opposite him.

He's with his qin, not playing it, but he has been admiring it for long. It's obvious he adores that instrument.

His earpods are in his ears, but he's not listening to any music.

Xena has asked why they are here close to ten times, but he hasn't replied at all.

It's like he's not hearing her, and it's becoming too unbearable.

Shayla said Ryker gave her some power pill, so she'd be safe from the bullies, but still... she's worried.

"You...haven't told me why we're here?" She spoke up again, and this time, Soren looked up, loosening the cufflinks on his shirt sleeves before adjusting on the table. His belt moved up his waist slightly.

"Do you need a kick?" He talked back.

"I don't mean to disrespect, but that kick would be preferable right now. Just kick me and let me go. I'm worried about Shay." She stood.

"Sit down." He replied.

"Kick me." She came closer.

"Sit down!" He growled.

"Kick me" she came closer again.

Without warning, he stood from the table, and she quickly moved back, losing all boldness till her back fell on the compartment wall.

He stopped right in front of her, his boot pressing the front of her heels.

She swallowed, looking out of the small window.

"Aren't you older than me?" He asked rhetorically.

"So what? You're more powerful." She replied anyways.

"Not without my sister. You could kill me here right now with you animal summoning ability, I won't be able to fight back." He said, and she finally looked at him, the space between them so congested.

"Why are you doing this?" She breathed frustratedly.

"I erased their memories the last time during the break-in. Why do you think they didn't remember the bees you summoned?" He replied dryly, and her eyes widened a bit.

"You did?"

Soren stepped back, checking out his qin obsessively again.

"Why? Why would you do that?" Xena came to him.

"Why should I tell you?" He snickered.

"Then why did you bring me here?" She asked, frustratedly.

"To stay away from the outside world for a bit. I needed company, and I chose you." He replied without expression, swinging the door open.

He walked out of the compartment.

"Such a weirdo" Xena muttered, staring at the door.

"He erased the memory of his twin sister? Why?" She asked herself.

Someone else entered the compartment, and she jumped, thinking he came back, but she relaxed when she saw Cheyenne.

"Cheyenne?" 

"Tiny is back at the tower, I'm taking you to prepare for the party with her." Cheyenne said.

--

[School Treatment Haven]

Sadie, Kade and Mercury are on different beds, but recuperation is far from them. 

They're not healing.

Sadie is worse since she received the largest hits. She has bandages all-over her body, arms and around her head. She looks like a ghost.

Kade only has bandages on his face and chest, but Mercury's wounds are minimal. She's only wounded on the forehead, just a little plaster.

Director Esme is beside her.

She's the only available parent apart from the alchemists.

Kade is still cussing on his seat, but Sadie can't even talk. She just lay in bed, thinking of Soren.

She mind-linked with him earlier, and she was sure he's in the school premises cos she felt him, but he didn't show up.

He left her at the mercy of the lowly slave, and now she became a laughingstock for everybody.

Sadie never cries, but that slave made her cry, and that's something she's going to make her pay for.

"Are you ok?" Esme asked Mercury who's sitting up in her bed.

"Yeah, just slight pain on my temples. I need to go though." Mercury stood.

"Go where?" Esme stood too.

"Told you I have a soul shift to do. I'll be at the party after I'm done with it." Mercury replied, wearing a face cap to keep her face away.

She left the Haven.

Almost immediately, Liza came in, and Blaise entered, too.

"Kade!" Liza rushed over to Kade's bedside.

"Buddy, your face got ruined again."  Blaise commented mockingly.

Kade grinded his jaws.

"Your daughter did this to me, and she's going to pay. I dunno what entered that bîtch, but I'm going to make her regret it." He threatened silently, making sure only Liza heard.

"Can you just calm?" Liza rubbed his shoulders.

Her eyes went up, and she smirked when she saw Esme. The hate between them is obvious cos Esme gave her a bitter look too.

"Sadie?" Zeke walked majestically into the Haven. Everyone stood.

"Greetings, Grand Supreme!" They bowed to his royalty.

He didn't even have time to reply, he walked to Sadie's side, shocked to see her condition.

"How did this happen! How!!" He faced Esme.

"The slave girl brought by Ryker." Esme replied.

"Shayla? How come?" Zeke straightened.

"I believe Ryker himself was here too, some students went blind." Esme replied, and Zeke huffed.

"Let's talk in your office." 

Esme followed him out, and Sadie started trying to stand from the bed, but the alchemists stopped her.

"Don't overexert yourself, it's dangerous for the wounds."

"Don't touch me!" She pushed them off, standing on her own. 

Blood soaked her Haven gown from her body wounds.

"Bring Soren to me, find him even if he has entered the low ground. Bring him to my face, now!!!" She yelled, holding her head crazily.

Two alchemists ran out.

--

[Director's Office]

"Does this mean her mark is showing already?" Esme asked.

She entered first, and Zeke marched behind her.

"Nope, that can't be it. If it was her fire, she'd burn them. Ryker must have fed her something." He replied.

Esme turned to face him. "Are you going to let him continue his deeds? He's like a tyrant at this rate."

"Don't you trust me?" Zeke came closer.

She rested her body on her desk.

"To everybody, I'm weaker than Azura, but if only they know...if only they know who I am." He smiled.

Esme smiled, pulling him closer with the neckline of his regalia.

"And where is that foolish wife of yours?" She asked.

"I gave her something to keep her busy in the palace." He held her waist 

"Does she even know she's just a side character? Does she know I'm the real Madame of the palace? Is she aware that we're getting rid of her soon?" She smirked.

"She's not meant to know yet" Zeke laughed, and Esme joined him.

"I agreed to invite Prince Dyke from Eclipseria cos of you, I dunno the deal you had with his father, but I hope it's fruitful." She said.

"He wants a bride as a signature of the friendship between I and his father, and this school is where the most good-looking people from this city is, so this party is just the right place." He explained.

"Well...I missed you, sweetheart." Esme dragged her arms around him.

"I love you." Zeke replied, and their lips met tightly, the lights in the office went off.

--

[East Palace, Bamboo Groove]

Azura didn't have to do much, dragging Old Chef here was easy. 

She easily binded him with ropes and pulled him like an animal.

She pushed him down face-first beside the cold pure pool, his neck stayed over the wall, suspending his face inside.

Azura held up a kitchen knife, brandishing it with the moonlight with leaked in through the tiny spaces between the bamboo leaves.

The sight of it made Old Chef shiver beneath, his body went rigid when she squatted beside him.

"Where was your wife buried anyways? Or was her body burned?" She asked in a low whisper.

"She was...was... burned." Old Chef stuttered, feeling the blade of the knife flattening against his neck vein.

"So...do you want your son's body to be burned or buried when he dies?" Azura asked, smiling diabolically.

"What do you mean bury?" Old Chef struggled suddenly, slowly getting what's going on.

"Cos your son's dying soon, and you'll be behind it." Azura replied, stabbing the knife into his neck vein.

The vein split into two.

His blood stained the edges of the pool, and tears automatically ran out of his wretched eyes.

"Good. Don't worry, you won't die yet. You'll be healed. You only have to cry." Azura whispered, pushing his face closer to the pool.

Drip. Drip.

Two teardrops fell inside.

--

[Human World, Frost H2O]

It's 5am in the morning, and the meeting is just ending.

The staffs are trooping out of the hall, looking stressed and tired.

The new jewelry designs are still on the show glasses in the middle of the round table, dazzling as the practical lights hit them.

Though, Ryker's eyes are on the glasses, he's not really here.

His ice was already melting from the staffs when he returned earlier, and it's only because of Shayla.

He has lived for years without her fire, but now that she's here, he needs that fire to keep functioning well, but Rumi ruined things by hiding it. 

The heavens did the most by not giving him power over her mark, so there's nothing he could do but wait for Rumi to take the bait, or rather grow a love thread for Shayla which he's seeing as impossible.

Him?

How would he ever grow one when all he thinks about always is blood, killings and revenge?

He's too ruined for that.

He pulled himself out of his thoughts by relaxing on his swivel.

By now, every member of staff left the hall except one of them.

He sat across Ryker on the table, hair evenly white with a tricky smile on his mischievous face.

"Meeting over, what are you still waiting for?" Sage questioned.

"Waiting for this hot-tempered god to recognize who I am." The man chuckled.

In another minute, Ryker teleported from his seat to the man, grabbing him by the neck and bringing his back to the table, hard.

"Urgh!! That's more like you!" He groaned.

"Eternus." Ryker muttered.

"I knew he'd recognize me." Eternus laughed again, and Ryker's hand left his neck.

He sat up on the table.

"Thanks to you, my soul entered this young human body, and luckily, it's not as weak as I expected." He said.

"And you decided to perch on my company?" Ryker walked away from him as he talked.

"Of course, it's safer." Eternus cleared his throat, jumping down from the table.

"Eternus?" Sage came closer, sounding and looking shocked as he stared at him.

"Your boss stabbed me with his deathbite dagger when I took him to Eclipseria, he killed my former old body." Eternus narrated.

"Oh...Epic." Sage smiled.

"You're starting to feel it, right? The pheromones that'd drive you both crazy till you grow your own personal feelings." Eternus said.

Ryker faced him.

"And you're starting to feel the decrease in your power grip, meaning you have to be faster. Grow a love thread and make the mark appear, or make Rumi come faster and lift the mark cover." Eternus continued, getting serious.

"She must get it out before the Feast, I'm sure you know both East and West Palace have plans for it, so be fast. She'd probably be feeling pains on her back by now...the mark doesn't like staying hidden for long." 

"Pains?" Ryker frowned, remembering how Shayla mentioned feeling weird in the middle of her back earlier.

"Yeah, pains that's enough to make her mad." Eternus replied.

Cheyenne bursted into the hall suddenly. She looks impatient.

"How the hell are you here?" Ryker glared, looking pissed already.

"Her mark might be coming out soon, the middle of her back is red." Cheyenne announced.

"Oh...that's the hidden mark pain starting. The pain becomes highly unbearable if there's burning fire around her." Eternus said.

"Mark pain?" Cheyenne said in confusion.

"I clearly told you to stay there with her!" Ryker snapped.

"I thought she'd be ok. I thought you gave her another pill, so I dropped her and Xena at the maze and came here. I had called to inform you of my coming, but you weren't picking." Cheyenne explained.

Ryker tried opening another wall gateway to travel back to Luminaria immediately, but it won't open.

"You know there's a limit to how many times you can travel to Luminaria within twenty hours, right? You might have exceeded your limit. You'll have to wait till the sun goes down." Eternus said behind.

Ryker faced him, eyes burning like cold balls of fire.

"I'm going back, even if I have to force the gateway open. She can't suffer alone. I'm not allowing that." He replied, slamming the doors close with his mind.

The skies rumbled outside, and ice started raining aggressively only inside that hall. 

He started conjuring the wall gate, forcefully. His palm slashed in the middle, and his blood dropped on the ice, strengthening the force.

"Boss, it's dangerous!" Sage tried to go closer, but Eternus pulled him back.

"Too late."

--

[Luminaria, Mount Zhitomir]

Mercury is here with her clients already.

Pearl and Lilith.

The place smells of rotten blood from the slaughter last month, and Mercury was smiling as she inhaled.

A metal bowl is in front of her, sitting on a stone. Inside the bowl, there's a lotta blood—pig blood.

Pearl is sitting on a wooden chair already, her blind eyes are folded with a black piece of cloth.

Lilith is behind them.

On top of the blood, there's a conjure bell, hanging on a black rope.

"Why must it be pig blood though?" Lilith asked, and Mercury faced her.

"Cos it's easier to work with. I'm exchanging her soul for her sight, she needs something dark, full of impurities like a pig to support the switch." She explained.

"Fine, shall we?" Lilith replied.

"Ready?" Mercury asked Pearl who has been silent on the chair.

"Yeah." Pearl replied, and Mercury took a deep breath.

She started by releasing the bell from the black rope, and it fell loudly into the bowl of blood.

--

[Mirror Maze Party]

Shayla has never attended a party all her life, and this one being the first, she has plans to make the most of it, except that she won't drink.

Cheyenne had picked out clothes for her and Xena. Hers is a beautiful robe which covered her body well, and she likes it.

She has always wondered how Ryker feels in those black robes of his, and finally she got to feel it tonight, though her own robe is pink.

She's skipping her feet on her white sneakers, the decorative jewels on her hair dancing with her moves as they entered the mirror maze.

Music pounded the grounds and walls, fellow ballerinas from the school milled everywhere.

Noises even went above the trap music at a point.

It's full, and one could see their own multiple reflections on the irregularly mirrored walls.

"Whoa, it's ai beautiful in here..." Shayla turned around when they entered the inner part of the maze which is less crowded.

Her reflection on the mirror is like ten, and she chuckled.

"You look extra happy, apart from beating the bullies, what else happened?" Xena asked beside her.

She's wearing heels, so she's taller. Even naturally, she's taller, she looks like a real older sister.

"Yeah... something else really happened." Shayla smiled.

"What happened?" Xena came closer curiously.

Shayla looked around to make sure there's no one close, then she leaned in to Xena's ear.

"He kissed me" she whispered.

"Wait, what!" Xena gasped.

Shayla quickly covered her mouth. "Don't be too loud."

Xena nodded, and Shayla took her hand away.

"He did? Ryker?" Xena said, batting her lids in disbelief.

She brought out cookies from her belt bag, giving Shayla one pack since they've been warned never to eat or drink anything here.

"Hmm! Smells good!" Shayla inhaled the cookies, closing her eyes in over-exaggeration.

"You're so cute" Xena laughed. "You like the kiss that much?"

"Yeah" Shayla blushed, and Xena pulled her cheeks fondly.

"Hey, heroine!" Faye appeared, butting into their conversation.

Xena quickly pushed Shayla behind herself protectively.

"You're from the West Palace." She said, and Faye smiled.

"Yeah, chill. I don't bite. I'm Faye, and i want to thank Shayla for giving us a show today. Mhua!" She blew kisses, and Xena made faces.

"Thank you..." Shayla said behind.

"Yeah, by the way be careful. Prince Dyke from Eclipseria is here, and I heard he doesn't show his face to just anyone. He's only gonna appear to anyone he chooses, and no one has the right to decline him. Anyone he chooses, goes to Eclipseria with him." Faye explained.

"Like kidnapping?" Shayla asked.

"If you put it that way, have fun! The game starts in ten minutes." Faye waved and left.

"That sounds like a problem already, Prince Dyke?" Xena muttered.

Shayla came out behind her.

"He'd probably chose girls from wealthy families with connections to royalty. We're safe, let's go deeper and check out the maze well before the game starts." Shayla said.

"Sure" Xena replied, but just as they were about to move, she got a slithering feel.

She stopped, turning around sharply.

Her twin bond is flaring up. She could feel it in her core.

Rumi is close. 

She's here somewhere.

She rushed down that lane, turning left and right, but it's empty. No one.

Did she feel wrong?

She squinted, looking left and right again. Still nothing.

She blew it off and turned back, but Shayla is nowhere to be found anymore.

"Shay?"

"Shay!" She ran forward.

--

The maze must be a magically planted one, cos one minute, Shayla was following Xena, and in another minute, she found herself in another part of the maze.

She turned around, her robe flowing with her, but instead of Xena, her head knocked into a hard chest.

The scent of strong smoke that hit her immediately was thick and sleep-inducing.

Her eyes went drowsy.

She closed it and opened it, trying to fight the sleep, but it won anyways.

Her cookie nylon fell from her as her arms went down weakly, and the cookies pieces scattered around the mirrored ground.

Her eyes closed, and her head fell against the hard chest.

Two of the decorative gold and crystals in her hair fell off, and her lips opened slightly.

"Moy...Vladika." She muttered before the sleep went deeper.

She slept off completely.

The long veiny hand of the person curved around her slim waist, and the second hand came up to her face, his big thumb pressing her lips.

"Found the one." His gravelly voice said, belonging to the distant prince.

Prince Dyke of Eclipseria.

His eyes flashed sharp green, and the beam enveloped them both.

He vanished with her.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 41&42.

I'LL BE VERY BUSY THIS WEEK, SO YOU'LL WORK HARD FOR THE CHAPTERS BEFORE I CAN POST.

If I come home by 7 and requirements are incomplete, forget about a chapter.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share. Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow or I'm not dropping.

★

Xena was colliding into bodies as she ran around the maze, searching for any face that looks like Shayla's.

She could feel sweat pooling in her armpits, wetting her feet.

Where's Shayla?

The split images of herself in the mirrors was another confusing shit, she fell so many times.

The game has started, and everyone she's coming across are wearing masks, struggling to hide before the maze hunters gets to them.

But despite their masks, Xena was sure she'd recognize Shayla if she walked past her.

First, Shayla carries the warmest, gentlest scent ever, and it's easy for her to sniff out.

Second, she's wearing a flowing pink robe, and there's no other person wearing a robe.

Thirdly, she has much treasures in her hair...gold and the rest.

With all of these, Xena expected to fish her out of the masked crowd easily, but as the minutes chimed farther, she got more scared.

Shayla is still nowhere.

Now the maze is madly filled. Ballerinas are everywhere, and she could barely walk since it's tight.

She stumbled on legs and fell down again, and she was shocked to see where she fell at.

On the ground, there's a crystal pendant which she's very sure was in Shayla's hair.

Did someone take Shayla?

She pushed herself up, folding the pendant in her palm as she looked around again, the music seeming to be pulsing at the back of her mind.

Then it dawned on her...the distant prince. Prince Dyke.

He better not be the one.
He better not.

She pushed some ballerinas out of her way and rushed out of that part of the maze, then she felt it again.

Her twin bond.

She felt it stronger than the first time, her skin hair stood one by one.

She froze.

"Miss me?" A velvety voice whispered in her ear from behind.

Xena turned around with a sharp twist, and her wide eyes caught a mess of blonde hair, walking away from her in the crowd.

"Rumi" she muttered, pushing off more ballerinas.

They cursed her and nearly chewed her out, but she was already out of that angle.

She ran, going after the blonde, her heartbeats quicker than her steps till she entered a restroom.

The window is wide open when she got inside, but Rumi isn't in.

Xena climbed the window, jumping down the sill since it's not very high.

Getting outside, she saw no one.

No Rumi. No fellow ballerina. Not even the wind.

The place is silent.

"Rumi..." Xena muttered emotionally again, feeling like crying. "Why are you doing this?"

A piece of paper landed on her head, falling at her feet.

She quickly picked it up, opening it to read what's inside.

I MISS YOU TOO, TWIN SISTER. 

Xena stared at the note till the letters blurred, remembering the last time she saw her was the day their mother was killed when they were still three year olds.

How has she been living since then?

Who took her?

Where has she been?

She sniffled, folding the note on her palm too, together with Shayla's hair pendant, and that was when she remembered Shayla is missing.

She remembered she has a phone too, so she opened her belt bag to get it, but unluckily, both her phone and Shayla's are in the bag.

"Darn it" she cussed frustratedly.

But a smell lingered in the air faintly—the burning smell of cigarette.

She looked at the side of the building, adjacent her is Soren.

He sat on a windowsill, one leg up and one leg down with a cigar stick hanging between his lips.

Seems like he didn't see her, so Xena just ignored his presence and ran back into the maze building.

It's clogged, so she can't even enter anymore. She held her head with two hands, crying.

"Oh my Shayla."

"Hey, Xena!" Faye appeared with two cups of mojito, intending to hand her one, but seeing the tears on Xena's face, she dropped the cups.

"What's going on?"

Blaise appeared from the crowd too, taking off his ghost mask from his sweaty face.

"Everything ok?" He asked.

"Shayla, I think the distant prince took her." Xena replied.

"What!!" Blaise and Faye chorused, and Blaise couldn't stop blinking.

"Are you serious? I mean...why would anyone in his right senses take HER?" 

"I dunno..." Xena sniffled.

She proceeded to dialling Ryker's number with Shayla's phone, but the line is only making a straight sound.

Nothing else.

"Geez...I'm scared. What if he's hurting her right now? What if he touches her inappropriately? She gets scared easily and..." Xena cried again, unable to finish her sentence.

"Hear me out, Xena. Be calm." Faye said, rubbing her palm on her chest.

"Cool down, and let's think this through." 

Xena hiccuped, wiping her tears.

Faye dragged Blaise one step away from Xena.

"What?" Blaise said in confusion, sweeping his sprawled red hair away from his face.

"The demigod once saved you, it's your chance to make him realize you're worth it." Faye replied.

Blaise released himself from her.

"Wait... you're not actually thinking of going to Eclypseria to get her, right?" He said.

"What else? Seems like the demigod isn't available, we can play our parts and get on his good book. We need him on our West Palace side, this is our chance." Faye replied.

"Are you crazy? They're very territorial in Eclypseria, they don't allow strangers inside their palace! Do you even know how brutal Prince Dyke is? He once killed a mother, left the body outside till maggots infested it, then he fed the daughter with the maggots." Blaise said fearfully.

"And?" Faye scoffed.

"Are you even listening?" Blaise blinked.

"I'm getting impatient." Xena said behind, and Faye faced her with a assuring smile.

"We're visiting Eclypseria, please tell me you have a useful ability." 

"I can...summon animals." Xena nodded.

"Cool, let's move." Faye replied.

"But this is..." Blaise grumbled, and Faye dragged him by the ear, pulling him out of the maze.

Xena rushed after them.

--

[Director's Office]

Zeke is still inside with Esme.

There's a bedroom in the inner part of her office, and they're both laying on it, only in their underwear.

Esme's head is on his chest.

"So you're gonna leave the demigod to continue his deeds till the Feast?" Esme said, lifting her head to glance at him.

"I told you, there's a plan for the Feast, you only have to do your part when it's time. After the feast, everything will go back to it's place. By then, there'll be no demigod, no demigoddess, no Azura. Just me, you, my kids and your daughter. We'll make the happiest, most powerful demon family, Esme." Zeke explained.

"You're so sweet" Esme smiled, rubbing his moustache. "I'm winning the beauty contest again, isn't it?"

"Of course, Liza is an annoying pest who won't just give up easily. She should have known her place by now." Zeke sighed.

"And didn't you say your mother Tara is coming to the palace soon?" She drummed her fingers on his chest.

"Yeah, she'll become the new Palace Matriarch. Jojo is due, just as stupid as her daughter." Zeke sneered.

"I can't wait to meet my mother-in-law." Esme smiled.

The telephone rang on the bedstand, and they both sat up in bed.

"Who's that?" Zeke frowned.

"My secretary, must be something important." Esme shrugged as she took the phone.

"Yes?"

"Prince Dyke made his pick already, ma'am." The secretary reported.

"Already? That was fast. So...which wealthy family daughter did she pick?" Esme smiled.

"Not the expected, ma'am."

"What do you mean?" Esme got serious.

"The slave, Shayla." The secretary dropped the bomb.

"What!!" Esme gasped, dropping the telephone.

"The slave got chosen by your Prince Dyke." She broke the news to Zeke.

"Impossible," Zeke smirked.

"My secretary won't call if it's not true. She got taken!" Esme snapped.

"Must be a joke, I mean...of every girl in this city, it's her?" Zeke laughed.

"Why are you taking this as a joke? She has our needed FireStone inside her, she's the goddess, so her getting kidnapped by that prince is a no!" Esme glared.

"Stop taking this the hard way, Esmeralda." Zeke smiled, standing from the bed.

"Prince Dyke and his father aren't interested in power, they're only addicted with money and women, so he has no concern with her identity. He only wants sèx, and he probably took her cos he recognized her as a virgin." He explained.

"So...what now?" Esme stood in front of him.

"I'll leave her to him for a week and let him have a fill of her, then I'll take three maidens to him as replacement to get her back." Zeke said.

"You have plans for everything, don't you?" Esme smiled.

"Isn't that why you're stuck with me?" Zeke replied.

"I'd love to see Ryker trying to get her back within that one week. He might be a demigod, but he hasn't merged with his partner yet. I bet there are limitations to the barriers he can break." Esme said, walking to the room cellar to pour them drinks.

"And trust me when I say... Prince Dyke is a greater bastard. He's mad." Zeke grinned.

"Ouu," Esme faced him. "This would be interesting."

--

[Mount Zhitomir]

The skies at the other parts of the city is dark dark, but this part of the sky is swirling with silhouettes, rainbows, and incessant flashes. 

Also, the wind here is harsh, so harsh that it's threatening to push away the bowl of blood. Lilith bad to hold the bowl down.

Mercury is currently holding the blood-soaked bell, and as she rang it, blood splashed forward from it, hitting Pearl's body on the chair.

Pearl is already unconscious. 

Lilith had to close her eyes so her own soul won't get wounded in this exchange.

The irregularities in the sky got broader, stretching beyond the mountain. 

Mercury's mouth is moving fast as she chanted inaudible words, then she dipped the bell into the blood again, ringing for the fifth time.

Pearl screamed back to life on the chair, so loud that it reached the skies and propelled a wide streak of lightning.

The sixth and seventh bell ring sounded from Mercury, and that was the last straw.

The blood bowl broke to pieces, letting out the blood.

Blood flowed around the mountain, going under Pearl's chair and soaking her bare feet.

Her screams turned earth-shattering, and her neck went to the side, seeming to have cracked.

Her body went still.

The rowdy skies cleared at once, and total darkness took over.

Lilith opened her eyes, and Mercury dropped the bell. They both looked forward to see Pearl is still sitting on the chair, not moving.

Satisfactorily, Mercury smiled.

Pearl's soul is definitely inside a pig down the mountain already, so this body is empty.

Lilith is smiling with joy too. Pearl is definitely dead, she put the death mark on her body anyways.

They marched to the chair together, and when they still didn't get a movement from Pearl, they looked at each other.

"Are you sure your soul shift worked?" Lilith asked.

"Not sorry, but her soul is in a pig, actually. I never had plans to help." Mercury smiled.

"Oh wow! That sounds refreshing to the ears, considering the fact that I marked her for death too. Her soul is dead, so whichever pig it entered would die too." Lilith shrugged.

"Why am I suddenly liking you?" Mercury grinned.

Lilith grinned right back, their cruelty matching, but their mini jubilation came to a screeching end when they heard sudden movements from Pearl's chair.

At the same time, their faces went down, and they were shocked to see Pearl's hand is up.

She removed the blindfold from her eyes and stood from the chair, opening her eyes to the new world.

Her smile shone brighter than summer sun, and her pretty features appreciated it.

She looked at the dark sky, at her bloody surroundings, and then at the two shocked girls in front of her.

The smile on her face disappeared.

"Truly, I spent so many years in the basement, but I didn't spend it doing nothing. I have my own secrets that has been keeping me alive till today, and before I can die, you'll have to do more than a lowly death mark or trying to send my soul to a pig. Actually, you can't even kill me, I can't be killed. I'm Pearl Millions, remember that name in your nightmares." She glared.

Before they could both reach her, she teleported from the mountain.

Lilith and Mercury stopped, both exchanging glances.

"No!" They both gasped.

--

[Treatment Haven]

The alchemists are all gone now.

Sadie sent everyone away to go look for Soren for her.

It's just Sadie and Kade on their beds, then Liza who's beside Kade.

Kade is already asleep, but Sadie still looks as angry as ever in her bed. She has refused any further drugs. She's bleeding, but she doesn't care.

"You'll never stop being a hateful little bîtch, will you?" Liza spoke to her directly.

"Shut up, or I won't mind killing you with my last breath." Sadie said through her teeth.

Liza scoffed, but she stood when she got a suspicious notification through the air.

She stepped out of the Haven, squinting when she saw a female with a messy wave of blonde hair disappearing down the hall.

"Rumi?" She muttered, noticing there's a note sitting by the door.

She picked it up, reading inwardly.

FROM NOW ON, YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN. I'LL LIFT THE MARK COVER WHENEVER I'M IN A GOOD MOOD, AND THAT'S COMING SOON.

Liza clenched her fists after reading weird for word.

"That whore, I knew she'd play dirty, but don't worry...I'm not very easy either. You won't ruin my plan for me." She whispered.

Soren whisked past her in front of the door. Before she could say a word to him, he already entered the ward.

The moment he entered, Sadie stood skeptically from the bed.

Apart from her Haven gown, her bed is also soaked with her blood, but she looks darkly determined to wound Soren, so her bleeding means nothing to her.

She grabbed the porcelain potpourri pot beside her bed, rushed to Soren and brought the pot down to his head, crashing it violently.

Blood showered Soren's face, rushing from his wounded head as the shattered pieces of the pot flew around.

"How could you leave me alone at the cafeteria! I mind-linked but you still didn't come! How dare you leave me to get humiliated!!" Sadie shouted, her pale lips nearly tearing apart.

The break and her scream woke Kade up, and even as wicked as he is, he couldn't hide his shock.

"The hell?"

"Grand Princess Sadie?" Liza muttered, entering the haven witch shock-filled face.

Sadie looked at the two of them, then her eyes went back to Soren who's still bleeding like crazy.

Her eyes widened, she realized what she had done.

"Oh my devil... Ren." She covered her mouth in shock.

"Ren...it wasn't...I wasn't... thinking..."

Soren took off his jacket and wrapped it around his bleeding head, then he walked out of the Haven.

"Soren!!!" Sadie went after him, but she barely got to the door before her wounds tore up again.

She fell on her face.

--

[West Palace]

"I hope Blaise and Faye are enjoying their maze party, how blissful it is, to be younger." Kasia sighed, standing by the glass wall of the upper floor.

Her arms are folded, and she's staring out to the dark sky, wearing her brown nightie already.

Astor's arms went around her from behind.

"Nothing beats a dark sky." He said, and Kasia chuckled.

"Ew, don't do that when I'm here at least." Winona said behind them.

She's sitting on a sofa with pile of books in front of her which she's taking turns to study with her reading glasses on.

"How's the making of the fake FrostOrb going?" Kasia asked her.

"Easier than expected, should be done within days." Winona shrugged.

"Good, and I'm glad you're over your likeness for the slave girl." Astor said, and Winona scoffed.

"It's not over! I'm only this cool cos I'm sure she'll still be mine after we take the city back, don't be deceived by my cool." 

"That's more like you" Kasia laughed.

"Did you know that several centuries ago, the elders of this family did something brutal to a snake woman?" Winona suddenly said.

"What do you mean?" Kasia faced her. Astor looks equally interested.

"I guess you don't read our family journals in the Archives enough." Winona stood, raising up the particular book.

"Centuries ago, elders of this Spectres family brutally murdered a homeless snake woman and her two children, just because she gave birth on their valued farmland." She said.

"The heck?" Astor gasped.

"And do you know the exact time of death of the snake woman?" Winona opened the book, pointing at the only number inside.

"12:00am"

"12 midnight?" Kasia muttered.

"Yeah, exactly." Winona nodded.

"Then the midnight curse..." Astor looked at Kasia.

"Oh hell." Kasia mumbled.

--

[East Palace, Main Castle]

Pearl pushed the main door open, her bright smile returning to her face when she felt the authenticity of her newly gained sight.

She's not even happy enough, she needs to start jumping or rolling on the ground, but maybe it's not time for that yet.

She stopped when she saw Jude who's still kneeling in front of the burner, body so red with the fire scorch.

She pulled him up from his knees, and Jude's eyes widened.

Azura sealed him there on his knees, so how come?

How was Pearl able to pull him up.

Then he saw Pearl's rolling eyeballs, and he gasped.

"You're...?"

"Seeing you! My sight is back! I told you!" Pearl laughed.

Azura came down the staircase, intending to visit the Soul Hall, but...

The moment she saw Pearl alive and moving without getting help, she was stunned.

"Pearl?" She blinked.

"Yes, mother. I guess I'm eligible to call you mother, now that my sight is back with some power to crown it." Pearl laughed at her face, going up the staircase.

"Pearl!!" Azura's voice echoed behind her, but she's too deep into her excitement to even answer.

She entered Jude's room, and Jude barged in with her.

"What's going on!" He drew her back swiftly, every part of his body demanding a quick answer.

Pearl broke free. "I can see now, so don't shove me around or I'll kill you!" 

"What exactly is going on?" Jude asked calmly, and Pearl smiled, fanning herself.

"Nothing much, I told you we'd be working together... didn't I? Now all you need to do is calm down and wait for me to settle down. We'll talk tomorrow morning." She said and left the room, leaving him more confused.

Next, she went to Granny Jojo's Chamber, running around the old woman's bed excitedly.

"Too bad you're in coma and you won't be sharing in my good news, and that's why you gotta wake up soon! You're one of the people I want to announce to. You just have to see me using my eyes, you have to!" She gushed, touching Jojo's still face.

"Wake up soon, Grandmother, you deserve to see my eyes working." She grinned, leaving the chamber after a few more squeals.

She assembled maids, planting herself between them to give instructions.

First, she has to smell like Shayla. She needs that warm gentle scent.

"Send words to the perfume warehouse. I need something gentle and warm for spraying. I don't care if they make thousands bottles, I need everything they can get their hands on before daybreak." She ordered.

The maids dispersed, but one of them stayed and came to her.

"Grand Princess, I heard the prince of Eclypseria took a bride, and it's the 150 billion slave ." She gossiped.

"Seriously?" Pearl jumped.

"Oh my goodness!! Good news!!"

--

[Eclypseria, 4am]

Faye arrived with Xena and Blaise since an hour ago, they had flown with the air.

It was stressful to travel in the air with Xena who has no levitation ability, so they spent more time than required on the journey, and it was even harder to find the palace.

Eclypseria is not half as wide as Luminaria, but their architecture isn't straightforward at all.

There are too many corners and pits, and there are too many homeless people roaming the streets, diminishing the lights.

Faye is on the roof of an old house with the other two, and from there, they're staring at the Eclypseria palace.

It's like the only modern building in the whole city, completely lighted up and so damn tall. Painted black and gold, it looks terrifyingly beautiful even from afar, they could already see rich guards flanking each tower.

Unlike the Luminaria Palace, this palace is heavily guarded, and the gate looks like something that'd take days to climb with tearing thorns on top of it. It looks unapproachable.

The worse part? There are dead bodies hanging on the gate at the moment. Bloody dead bodies.

"I think we should just go back, please. I don't want to die yet." Blaise faced both Xena and Faye.

"Are you sure you even have a dîck?" Faye rolled eyes. "You should seriously start wearing skirt."

"Xena, you're not scared too?" Blaise faced her.

"I'll do anything to get Shay back. Not only is she like a little sister to me, but also... Ryker might just hate me if anything happens to her, so no...I'm not scared." Xena replied.

"That's my girl..." Faye smiled, standing from the roof.

She grabbed Xena's hand, jumping down with her.

Blaise jumped down beside them, too.

"If I die here tonight, oh Satan...don't even try to take my soul." He said.

He plucked out some of his red hair strands and folded them in his right palm.

Xena summoned some cruel bees, and thousands of them converged behind her, humming loudly.

They faced Faye, expecting her to showcase her powers too.

She smiled a villainous smile, then her body began changing.

Scales appeared—white shinny ones which caught the city lights.

Blaise and Xena shifted back as she turned bigger, scaling out completely. 

Her clothes fell to the ground.

She became a snake. A large, beautiful white snake which towered above Xena and Blaise.

"Hell." Xena muttered in shock.

"Don't be too shocked, she's a snake girl...a serpent." Blaise said.

"Oh..." Xena sounded.

They focused back on the palace, and their journey started towards it.

For the first three minutes, the journey went smoothly, and they're counting the seconds it'd take for them to arrive at the gigantic gate.

But then,...the city lights went off.

Every. Single. One.

They stopped on their tracks, and a cluster of arrows flew towards them from the south.

"I knew this wasn't a good idea. They knew people would come to try to save her, it's a trap!!" Blaise yelled, pouring his red strands away since it's useless now.

Sensing that the bees are useless too, Xena summoned bigger animals... Black wolves.

The wolves jumped across the skies, taking the hits of the arrows instead, but then another cluster of arrows came from the north.

This time, Faye leapt up, using her hard scales to take the arrows. They bounced off her scales, and the arrows dug into the ground instead.

But in the process of bouncing the arrows off, one of the blades entered her beyond her scales, and she came back to the ground, landing heavily.

She returned to her human form, losing consciousness.

"Faye!" Xena and Blaise rushed over to her.

Xena covered her naked lower body with her coat. Blaise used his jacket on her lower body.

"The arrows, I think they're poisoned." Blaise muttered.

As if to confirm that, they received their shares immediately.

Arrows met their backs, and they both went low, eyes drowsy.

"I knew this was a senseless move. These people are good with sleeping spells here." Blaise muttered sleepily.

They fell on top of Faye's body, losing consciousness too.

--

[Human World]

From the company, back to the glass mansion, Ryker hasn't stopped trying to open the gateway.

It's been eight hours now.

Currently 1pm in the human world, but nothing is coming forth.

He has slashed his own palm close to fifty times, adding blood to his ice to strengthen it, but no matter what, the gateway just won't appear.

He's pale in the face and on the lips as a result of blood loss.

Worse part is that; this is the human world, so every blood he wastes is going to count.

His icy body won't protect itself like it does in Luminaria, so his blood won't get replenished.

The more he lost, the weaker he got, but he's not stopping.

He's getting covered in ice again. 

Lashes, brows, lips, feet and palms. He's freezing up, but he's still not pausing.

Eternus is at a side of the glass, watching silently.

Cheyenne and Sage are in another area, and Cheyenne hasn't felt guilty like this all her life.

She hates herself right now.

"I told you, you should learn how to be calming down at times, Cheyenne. You shouldn't have come back." Sage said, looking frustrated too.

"I know, the blame is all mine." Cheyenne replied guiltily.

Ryker cut his wrist for the 51st time, dropping his dark blood on the building ice again.

It's still the same. No gateway, nothing.

He brought the dagger to cut for 52, but Eternus stepped in.

"No. You won't hurt your body any further when I'm here" he snatched the dagger from him, but the dagger flew out of his hand instantly.

It went back to Ryker.

"Oh...I see it only stays in the hand on it's master, but seriously you need to stop." Eternus said.

Ryker stabbed his wrist again.

"Ryker!" Eternus yelled in an alarming tone. "It's just four hours till sundown. By then, the gateway opens by itself and we'll leave!" 

Ryker said nothing, he continued dropping his blood in rivulets, looking rigidly iced on his spot. 

He's breathing cold steam out of his thin nostrils, and there are small pieces of ice in his hair too.

"You can't bend the rules again. No matter what you do, it won't open till sundown. You've killed a lot, Ryker, so even the heavens won't work in your favor. Wait till sundown." Eternus said.

"Fûck sundown." Ryker growled, deep and low before bringing the dagger to his own chest.

He stabbed deep.

"Fûck! Boss!!" Cheyenne and Sage let out conjoined screams.

--

[Eclypseria Palace, 7AM]

Shayla might have passed out suddenly, but her brain was sharp enough to process the fact that she was kidnapped by the distant prince, so the moment she opened her eyes to the light of the day, she knew she was in a different city.

The lightning, walls, ceilings, atmosphere and mood is all different. They smell like evil, hostility lingered thickly in the air.

She's on a bed. She could feel it beneath herself. She sat up very fast, her hair covering her face.

Every single jewelry inside her hair is gone, so she had to start brushing her hair back nervously with her fingers.

She inhaled the smell of smoke again, just that this time, she didn't fall asleep. She looked around the bedroom—not as big as Ryker's, but there are guards by the open door.

She could see their back views.

She brushed her hair back again with trembling hands, and her fingers hit a small pin.

There's a single hairpin left inside her hair. They must not have noticed it cos the hair fullness covered it.

She took the pin in her palm, hiding it under her robe, then she heard royal greetings by the door.

The guards bowed their heads respectfully as the prince himself entered.

Prince Dyke.

Shirtless and so bulgy with his veiny large muscled arms and legs. His hair is in a buzz cut, and his nose looks sculptured as it's overly pointed. It could stab.

His other features are just as sharp, giving his standoffish face too much dangerousness.

She shivered more at the feel of his cruel vibe, but she made sure to hold the hairpin tight under her robe.

Her tongue felt heavy inside her mouth, her veins shook in her body.

Prince Dyke stayed wordless till he sat beside her in bed. 

She quickly shifted back, gulping.

"Why...did you take me? There are other girls. I am...nobody." She muttered, voice dragging.

"You're nobody?" Prince Dyke smiled, the sight so bone-chilling. "I heard you're the demigod's partner, so you're far from nobody. Besides..."

He raised his hand to her face, tracing his pointer finger lustfully on her fragile cheekbones.

His eyes stayed as sinful as iniquities, brimming with impurities.

Shayla trembled, bending her body back. She feels like ants are crawling all-over her with that single touch.

"D-don't... touch...me that way." She stuttered, bones tightening.

"I like my brides fragile, untouched, virgins. I like innocent females with small breakable bodies like yours." He whispered, stopping his finger close to her lips.

He was about to press it when Shayla pulled her hand out from under her robe. She rammed the sharp hairpin into his neck.

She didn't even wait to see if it penetrated or not. The moment he groaned, she jumped down from the bed, running out of the room.

By now, the guards are gone from the door, so she was alone as she ran down the polished hall, her steps heavy against the sleek floor.

She just ran with no idea of where she's heading in mind, she needed to get as far away from the cruel prince as fast as possible.

But she wasn't born lucky.

Luckiness has never worked in her favor, cos just as she was about to cross to a barricaded corner, she was blocked by Prince Dyke himself.

Her blood turned hit inside her, and she stopped with a gasp.

And it's more scary cos the wound she gave him with the hairpin is now gone. No blood, no injury on his neck.

It's like she didn't even stab him cos he's already healed.

Shayla was only able to take one trembling step away from him before he tangled his hand into her hair, dragging her back to himself.

His merciless face clashed with hers, and she began crying.

"I'm sorry... please. I just wanted to—"

"I wanted to see how smart you are, so I left that one jewel in your hair. I must say you're a smart one, but no one gets smart with me and goes scot free." He dragged her to her knees in that cold hall.

"I was going to wait for our wedding night before doing this, but since your hand is smart, let's see if your mouth is smart too." He cackled, pulling his pants apart with a flip.

Shayla felt her blood pressure rising, heat rising and cold rising at the same damn time. 

Tears ran down her eyes too.

More tears. Loud cries. Sniffles.

He freed his enormous cóck, and her chest squeezed, her eyes widened.

She felt hot sweat running down the middle of her back.

Guards, Maids and the numerous wives of Prince Dyke...all of them assembled in the hall, ready to watch his madness again.

His cóck bounced up and down in front of Shayla's mouth, and her streaming tears entered her mouth.

"Please no...no. I don't want to!"

"It's not a choice, my bride," Prince Dyke fisted her hair so hard her scalp stung with pain.

He shoved her face closer to it like some cheap slave.

"It's a command. Now open your mouth and suck your my cóck!"

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 43&44.

Y'ALL ARE STARTING TO TOY WITH THE COMMENTS, AND IT'S NOT ADVISABLE.

If requirements are incomplete by 7pm tomorrow, forget about a chapter.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share.

#Unedited 

★

Shayla's heart sank when she saw a white stuff leaking out of his cóvk.

She might not know what it means, but she knows it's not good. If she gets forced to take that into her mouth, she'd fall sick. 

She doesn't want to have contact with that thing even in the slightest way ever.

The sting coming from her scalp nearly ran her mad as Prince Dyke shoved her without mercy again.

His cóck was just an inch away from entering her mouth when another presence entered.

It's the king of Eclypseria himself—Prince Dyke's father, looking as lustful as his son, if not more.

The moment he set eyes on her, he dropped the bottle of alcohol with him for a guard, and he rushed closer

"Father?" Prince Dyke suspended his cóck, smiling at his supportive father.

"Been a while since you brought something like this." The King murmured, his craving eyes not dropping from the kneeling female.

Shayla has stopped the tears already, but she's hiccuping, and she still looks half-traumatized.

"Something like this?" Prince Dyke laughed, standing beside his father. "You mean slim and clean?"

"I mean slim, clean and innocent-looking. You know I have a kink for those three combos." The King replied, gradually smiling.

"So what? You have plans?" Prince Dyke faced him. "I heard she's the popular ruthless demigod's partner"

"You mean Ryker Morozov? The bastard who slaughtered how many people again? How were you able to get his partner out of Luminaria?" The King asked, looking impressed.

"I'm your son, father. Trust that I have my feats too. I'd love to see just how ruthless he is, maybe he'll really be able to break the thousand year old stranger-restricting barrier of this palace." Prince Dyke sighed, his eyes falling back on Shayla on the ground.

"Alright," the king cleared his throat. "Take her back inside, there'll be a strip banquet at 10, she'll be the main strip object. After that, there'll be a public orgie show too, featuring I had my son and her. I'll take her from the front, Dyke will thrust from the back. In one word, we're ruining her beyond repair. Get your eyes ready, you're about to witness a one-of-it's-kind banquet." 

"Take her into the corner room, keep the door locked tight." Prince Dyke ordered.

Guards came for Shayla, lifting her off the ground from each side. Her small struggles were tantamount to nothing, she was helpless till she was thrown into the corner room.

After the door was locked, she used the first one minute to study the room.

There's no electric lightning like the room she woke up in. The only light in this room is coming from a burning fire in the middle of the room. It looks like a holding room for sinner servants, and it stinks.

Shayla stood, and her hands went to the door, slamming as if she could break it.

She was controlling the sniffles from her nose as she threw her body at the door repeatedly, and as she did, her back flared up with sudden pains she can't explain.

Her hands fell away from the door, the corner of her eyes throbbed with the sting, stretching to her whole body but mostly concentrating on her back. It didn't stop slashing her back.

It's like wildfire is burning in the middle of her back, or like wild animals are feasting on her.

She kept the pains inside.

She really, tried to keep it, but as she watched the burning fire in the corner of the room, the pain got unbearable, breaking through her endurance.

She cried out, rubbing her back on the door till it bled, staining her pink robe with redness.

She was gnashing her teeth, pressing her fingertips on her skin as the pains settled deeper, burning her.

She cried out again, going on her shaky knees.

She brought her arm to her mouth, attaching her teeth to it.

She began biting herself to reduce the pain, and her hot tears fell on her skin.

It's better to get beaten with the broomstick.

It's better to break stones at the slaves labor camp.

It's better to go back to the dark room cage.

Everything is better than this hellish pain that's about to split her into two.

Only one face is appearing in her head even through the pains.

She could see it clearly in her skull, and she's wondering if he'll come for her again. If he'll come fast and get her from this hellhole.

She attached her teeth to her arm again, biting herself repeatedly as the fire went blur in her peripheral.

--

[Outsiders Prison]

Blaise's palm met his own skin with a smack. He got rid of the mosquito biting him, and he stirred on the straw he's laying on.

For the second time, his palm met with his skin, killing the second mosquito.

"Who are these bloodsuckers? Geez." He muttered, feeling the rough irregularities on his skin from the straw beneath him.

He touched with his fingers, and his eyes opened fast. 

He sat up to see he's really sleeping on dry straws in the Eclypseria palace prison.

Xena and Faye are both beside him, they're both awake too, both staring at him with unreadable eyes.

"What is going on? This isn't a prison, is it?" He spranged up.

"What does it look like? A suite? A manor?" Faye scoffed.

"How long have you both been awake? You guys should have tapped me awake!" He talked again, all while still facing Faye.

"If we had tapped you awake, would you have proffered a solution to this problem we're in?" Faye frankly said.

"Please, Blaise. Just sleep back, consider this a vacation."

"Vacation? In this godawful place? Yunno you have no right to act like the almighty now, right? You suggested this rubbish, and when I went against it, you called me a coward and dragged us here, now look... we're on a prison vacation! I've never been in a prison all my life! Even when I was arrested at the East Palace, I was in a pit, not a prison!" He yelled.

"And?" Faye yawned.

"And?" Blaise stepped into her space to grab her by the jacket. He locked her neck.

"Did you just say and? Are you serious? I'm Blaise Spectre, prison should be one of the places I shouldn't even step the threshold!"

Faye pushed him off, dusting away her jacket as if he's a plaque.

"I suggested to come cos I wanted to help you and your mother get on the demigod's side, so stop trying to guilt-trip me!" She shouted.

Blaise nearly grabbed her jacket again, but Xena quickly stood from the ground and got between them.

"Seriously? Is this how you both behave at the West Palace always?" She cautioned.

Faye sat back on the floor, Blaise held the prison bars, pulling at it.

"Don't try to use strength, it's useless. We can't use our powers in here." Xena said.

Blaise faced them, looking more terrified.

"What!"

"I can't summon animals, Faye can't scale out, and you..." Xena sighed. "Your hair has changed to dark."

"What!!" Blaise touched his hair in shock.

"We only have one saving option right now,that's if the demigod comes at all." Faye said from the ground.

Xena looked ahead the bars, smiling a little as she inhaled the palace aura.

"I wonder what they're currently doing to Shay" she mumbled.

--

[Luminaria, East Palace]

One slap from Azura made Lilith fall on her knees at the wide lobby. It echoed through the walls, and Lilith held her cheek.

"Your mark won't work on Shayla cos she's a demigoddess, accepted, so explain! Explain why it won't work on Pearl too! And be careful with your answer, cos it determines if I'll cancel your wedding or not!" Azura demanded.

Desperately, Lilith looked up.

"It wasn't my fault! I don't know her identity but she's surely something! Mercury casted her soul out to a pig too, but it also didn't work!"

"What did you just say?" Azura sat.

"Call Mercury Vega, she's the twins bestie, the soul shifter. Ask her and she'd explain! We were both left in shock too." Lilith replied.

Azura went mute, fingers digging into the armrest of her chair.

"I'm certain about one thing though, my death mark won't work on people who hold the god energy, people who're divine objects, or people who possess the deity energy. She's one of the three." Lilith said.

Azura looked at her confusedly.

"How could Pearl possibly be any of the three! She was born blind, cursed!"

"Sometimes, the cursed people turn out to be the luckiest." Lilith smiled, standing up.

"My wedding preparations should better remain in process till weekend, and also...you know I can't be killed too. Kill a banshee, and your sleep gets inhabited by screaming nightmares for life, so handle me with care." She said and skipped out of the lobby.

Azura still sat there, drowning in the pool of her own thoughts till Zeke entered.

"What got my wife's panty in a twist?" He asked, settling beside her.

"Pearl...she came back with good eyes and strange abilities." Azura replied flat, slowly looking up to meet his eyes.

"What!" Zeke frowned.

"Where have you been since yesterday? You didn't drop a message as to where. I poisoned the pool with the old chef's tears like you asked, and I had to heal the fool with my own energy throughout last night. Where did you hang at?" Azura queried.

"I was with Sadie at the school treatment haven." Zeke touched her ear, stroking.

"What do you mean treatment haven? What happened to my baby?"

"She got battered, and her wounds aren't healing." Zeke said.

"What?!" Azura spranged up. "And you couldn't call to tell me? You're so annoying for that! Gosh, Sadie!" 

Azura rushed out of the lobby, and Zeke placed his elbows on his laps, smiling while brushing his tongue on his mouth walk.

His smile left his face when he remembered what Azura said about Pearl.

"Things look like they're about to get a lot better. My last daughter suddenly came back powerful?" He grinned, going up the staircase.

--

[Jude's Room]

Warm gentle scent wrapped around the air suddenly as Jude meditated on the bed.

He opened his eyes, got down from the bed and expected the entry of Shayla, but it was Pearl instead.

She's wearing newly tailored black dress, flowing lightly with her black makeup and accessories. She's a goth girl just like Sadie.

"You're crazier than I thought, you actually found a perfume that smells like Shayla?" Jude said, wide mouthed.

"Your nose recognizes it, that just means I'm on point. I ordered the warehouse to make me the spray last night, and luckily, it's ready." Pearl smiled, taking her seat on his bed.

"You won't smell Shayla from afar like your perfume. Shayla's fragrance is softer, not as choky as this, so tune it down, you're not her." Jude glared.

"Of course I'm not her, I just wanted to smell like her, and I don't care if it's more choky, I achieved my aim anyways, she's the last person I'd ever wanna be like." Pearl warned.

"Who are you exactly?" Jude asked, getting closer.

"Someone who's aware that Shayla is yours in the future, and the demigod is mine." Pearl smiled, standing from the bed.

She blew out the candle beside the bedstand, swallowing the smokes that erupted after.

"What are you even saying?" Jude frowned.

"You only have to be calm and do what I tell you to do, from now on. I know you're older, but you need me and you know it. Shayla is currently trapped in another city, and we're going to wait if she's going to come back saved or not. If she does, I can tell you what follows." Pearl said.

"I still don't get you" Jude kept frowning.

"Keep calm, it takes time to understand." Pearl stopped by his toes.

"What exactly are you? How did your sight come back, and how come you're strangely powerful without the FrostOrb?" Jude asked.

Before Pearl could answer that, Zeke entered the room.

"I believe knocking is a basic measure taught to everyone when they were kids, unless your mother skipped that class." Jude said.

"You will shut up while I'm in here, Jude. You have this roof over your head only because I said so, you can keep talking if you're craving homelessness." Zeke replied.

Jude stormed out of the room, leaving father and daughter.

"Now that I suddenly got a little powerful, you're suddenly interested in talking to me?" Pearl faced the man who smiled.

"I never hated you, Pearl. But your mother has always been the alpha in this palace. She's more powerful, she controls, I just follow. She wanted to kill you immediately you were born blind and powerless, but I and her mother Jojo had to beg her to lock you up instead. I only follow her lead, I don't make the rules." 

"And you somehow want me to believe that?" Pearl smiled back.

"What do I need to do to earn your trust then, dear daughter?" Zeke went closer, pocketing his hands.

"Give me Ryker's last name. He doesn't have to attend the wedding, make it secret." Pearl replied almost immediately.

Zeke chuckled, giving her a stunned look. "You're something else."

"I don't have all the time in the world." Pearl rolled her eyes.

"I don't have Ryker's signature, I've never seen what that bastard's signature looks like, or his fingerprint." Zeke said.

"I don't need his signature or fingerprint on the marriage documents, I only need his father's presence and blessings." Pearl shrugged.

"Fine, get ready for it this weekend. I'll make plans." Zeke nodded.

Pearl smiled, darkly.

--

[West Palace]

Faye and Blaise didn't come home before bedtime last night, so Winona thought they came home after everyone went to bed.

She expected them to be in their respective rooms this morning, but as she bursted their doors open and met emptiness, her heart flew.

"Faye? Blaise?" 

"Aren't they awake yet?" Kasia asked, strolling down the hall.

"Awake? They're not even inside!" Winona alarmed.

"What??" Kasia ran forward, checking the empty rooms for herself.

"Faye and Blaise aren't back?" Astor came downstairs too, checking the room out.

"They're not here..." He muttered.

"Wait ... They didn't get in a fight and maybe Faye got angry and stung him to death, right?" Kasia said.

"Faye would never do that" Astor defended.

"Right, Faye might be impulsive, but she'd never eliminate him." Winona agreed.

Astor entered Faye's room when he noticed something on the floor. He picked up a white single scale and raised it up.

"It's Faye's scale." Winona entered too.

"Meaning?" Kasia asked.

"Serpents leave a scale behind in the morning if they have a premonition that something might go wrong with the day." Astor explained.

"Meaning they're both in danger?" Winona and Kasia gasped.

Astor led the way out of the room.

"Let's get to the school first"

--

[Vega Mansion]

Esme looks extra energetic this morning, all because of her last night's dig with Zeke.

It was an overnight thingy, and it's been a while since she experienced the tornado.

She was grinning from ear to ear as she brewed thick coffee for herself.

She lifted the glass rim to her lips to take a sip, but she lowered it back when she noticed Mercury is nowhere around.

"Mercury!" She hollered, dropping the cup and making her way to Mercury's room.

She met her there, sitting in bed and deep in thoughts. The plasters are still gummed to her forehead, and she looks so lost.

"Baby, are you ok?" Esme sat beside her, stroking her hair.

"I had my first failure last night. The soul shift didn't go the way I planned." Mercury said without energy.

"How is that possible? You've never failed." Esme frowned.

"Exactly my point, how is that possible? Her soul was supposed to go inside a pig, but it just...left me confused. That blind girl not only regained her sight but she teleported right in front of me." 

"Teleported? Wasn't Pearl supposed to be powerless?" Esme stood.

"Now you get why I'm so disturbed." Mercury replied.

Esme's phone rang at the living room, and she had to go pick it up.

Two minutes later, she came back holding her purse already.

"Someone is causing ruckus in school, I have to go control it. You should stay home and rest today, I mustn't see you in school. We'll talk about this when I return." She said.

"Yeah" Mercury sighed.

Esme gave her hair a kiss and left the room. Few minutes later, Mercury heard her car driving out of the gate.

She finally left her room, stepping into the kitchen for something to keep her buds moist.

She brewed a cup of espresso and left the kitchen with it, but surprisingly, someone is sitting in the living room when she arrived.

She's only seeing the person's back, and the bandaged head.

She rushed forward, hands going up and ready to attack, but when she saw the face, she cooled down.

"Soren?"

Soren looked up, face closed off as it always is.

"Can you heal me head? Can't heal without Sadie, and I don't want to see her right now." He said.

"You guys fought? That's new." Mercury sat beside him, their skins touching.

Soren shifted away.

"Are you helping or not?" Soren asked.

"Of course I will. Close your eyes." Mercury smiled.

Soren did that, and Mercury had a fill of his calm face, staring for several seconds before her hands moved up.

She began the healing process.

--

[School Treatment Haven]

It was the secretary who called Esme to notice, reporting that Azura is threatening to close the school down, so she had to rush down, and true to the reports, she could already hear Azura's rants even when she's still some minutes away from the haven.

"That uncultured woman, I get why Zeke would never like her." She scoffed, quickening her walks.

She barged into the haven.

Sadie is still in bed, but she's sitting up right now, a pillow behind her.

Kade is still inside too, and Liza is still with him since he's still not healing, same as Sadie.

"Why is my daughter in tatters like this? Who started it? Is royalty a joke to everyone in this city now?" Azura questioned.

"Madam Azura, I'm very sure you've been told that she was beaten by the slave, and that same slave have been taken by the distant prince of Eclypseria." Esme said easily.

Sadie and Kade's eyes went up.

"Really?"

"Believe me, but according to the Grand Supreme, he's going to leave her to warm the prince's bed for days before taking action." Esme smiled.

"Why am I just hearing about this right now?" Azura threw another question.

"Ask your husband, not me." Esme replied in obvious ridicule.

"What did you just say?" Azura's expression went acrid.

"The Grand Supreme knows everything, Grand Madame. You should ask him." Esme replied.

Azura looked on suspiciously.

Liza is behind, looking even more suspicious of the situation. 

She could feel the rivalry in the air.

The person she's suspecting Esme to be in a affair with... could it be the Grand Supreme Zeke?

--

[Human World, Glass House]

Even after stabbing the chest and wetting the ice with his heart blood, the gateway remained hidden, so Ryker has been trying is hardest to stay calm since then.

He has never been this weak since he started living. He needs to step into Luminaria to regain some strength at least, and even after stepping into Luminaria, he needs the spring pool like never before to melt some of this ice, but there'll be no time for the ice pool cos he's very sure Shayla is in wrong hands already, otherwise...he won't be feeling this restlessness.

Now it's just few minutes till sundown, and his mind is working faster than the clock in counting the damn minutes.

Eternus and his knights are ready behind him.

At one minute before sundown, he waved his arm. His suit left his body, getting replaced by a black robe.

Exactly sundown, the gateway finally appeared on it's own, and he led them inside.

They descended the ladder back to Luminaria.

The moment they entered, Ryker felt slight rejuvenation in his system, but it wasn't enough to relieve his ice.

He stayed frozen till they arrived at the ballet school.

Cheyenne led them to the mirror maze, and he didn't have to wander before seeing Shayla's golden hair pendant under one of the mirrors.

He picked it up and brought it to his nose, sniffling the aura.

He could still smell her gentle warmth, but apart from that, there's a thick scent of smoke lingering.

His lashes shifted up.

The last time his nose caught a smell of this kind was when Eternus took him to Eclypseria.

"Smells like Eclypseria." Eternus said behind him, confirming it.

"I heard the Eclypseria prince was going to be at the party to pick a bride." Cheyenne spoke up, and Ryker turned back immediately, his already frozen eyes gleaming frosty blue.

The folks from the West Palace appeared from the other side of the maze. Kasia ran forward to him.

"Some ballerinas saw Faye and Blaise leaving with your sister Xena. They must have gone on a silly rescue mission." She said.

"I trust Faye, she's the instigator." Astor added.

Winona was silent.

Ryker, too.

All that's in his head is bride.

That word—BRIDE.

Seriously? The more he thought about it, the larger the rage expands, the higher the anger, the broader the ice enclosing inside him.

"My Lord , I think you should go soak in the spring pool first. It's dangerous to go to Eclypseria like this." Sage said as tiny ice cubes fell from his body to the mirrored ground.

"The pool can wait." Ryker declared, voice grim as he turned his posture.

He vanished from the maze, together with his knights and Eternus.

--

[Eclypseria Palace, Corner Room]

The whole of Shayla's back was already red with her blood when the guards came back inside to get her.

It must be 10am already.

She has no energy left the struggle with the guards, she was dragged outside easily.

Her eyes her drowsy, lashes barely up as she was taken through the wide hall where Prince Dyke's wives are all waiting, looking at her with pity.

There are kids too, so many kids belonging to Prince Dyke himself from his numerous wives.

Some of them are even breastfeeding.

Shayla's throat feels parched. Water. She needed water, must be the pain on her back causing that.

Her pale lips looks as hurtful as the rest of her face, and she was already dreaming of death when one of the wives suddenly pushed the guards away from her.

"Run!!" That wife screamed at her.

Shayla stood to her feet, not leaving the opportunity hanging at all.

"Go south, you'll find a forest. Walk under the shadow of the leaves to avoid getting seen." Another wife said 

Shayla ran down the hall, and when the other guards tried going after her, the remaining wives stopped them.

Shayla looked back when she got to the end of the hall, seeing the struggling wives all because of her.

She resumed her run, and though her back was killing her, she dashed out of the main palace walls.

The guards at the other side of the palace came after her, and that was when she knew the thing about being unlucky was real.

She's really an unlucky one.

She went south like the wives told her, but on that south, there are stationed guards too.

She was grabbed, yet again, and this time, she wasn't let go till they arrived at the banquet arena in the open roof of the palace.

There are ministers, kingpins, palace royalties and royal bloods, the king and Prince Dyke himself.

"Thinking you can escape this heavily guarded palace wasn't so smart, my bride." Prince Dyke said beside his father where he sat planted 

Shayla was plunged down in the middle of the eagar old men, and most of them are already lowering their pants, planning to jerk off to her strip session.

"Start the show, don't waste anymore time. We're all busy people." the King ordered, picking a flute of alcohol to pour down his lust filled throat.

Shayla looked up at the pool of desperados, her fingers trembled again on the ground where she placed them.

Can't Rumi just take pity on her and release that mark just this once?

She values her nakedness too much, it's the only thing she has left.

Her pride.

She has only let her princess part show in the presence of one man whose face isn't among this bitter crowd at all.

She'd never do this, she can't. They can just kill her instead.

So she kept sitting there, and the pain from her back slashed through her again, causing her to scrap the ground with her nails.

"Ahh!!" She groaned, propping on her knees and palms, sweating.

"Start the session!" Prince Dyke ordered strictly, hitting the chair with his thick callused hands.

"Your Grace! There's a problem!" A guard came inside with a run.

He whispered into the king's ear, and it sounded like something calamitous cos the king spranged up from his chair.

"He broke the palace barrier?" 

"What's going on?" Prince Dyke stood too, and the crowd of oldies started standing one by one when they sensed the shift.

"He's close, barrier broken. City in ruins." The King said.

"He really did?" Prince Dyke gritted his dentition.

He went to the arena and dragged Shayla up with her hair again.

The old men dispersed immediately, everyone began finding their ways out of the palace.

The King followed the prince out through a portal.

--

[City Of Eclypseria]

The people who're still alive right now are definitely lower than twenty, and those twenty are still owing death their lives.

This massacre is more than the one at Mount Zhitomir. This is crueller.

Bodies lay on top of each other, all innocent and unaware of why they even died, but Ryker wouldn't care about anything at the moment.

Buildings are freezing up, crashing and falling at his cold feet.

People are losing their runs, spitting blood and falling to their demise.

Heads flew away from necks, bodies flew away from necks.

He didn't even have to touch them, each step he took, bodies dropped, the blood flowed.

His steps are quiet, unheard as he walked through the ruins of the city, the sounds of falling buildings a playing loop behind him and around him. He was insatiably craving.

His robe nearly dragged the ground, but the tips are touching the ground, and the fabric is drinking blood.

His face is freezing already, getting worse by his chest stab and wrist wounds, but that won't be enough to put a stop to his bloodthirst.

Cheyenne, Sage and Eternus are on the bridge which slashed by the city. 

From there, they're watching the extinction, unable to do a thing to stop him.

"Their prince should have known his place." Cheyenne muttered, nails scraping the bridge rails.

"Their stupid palace barrier should have opened by now." Sage said.

"It opened the moment we entered this city. Who are they kidding with that crap?" Cheyenne scoffed.

Eternus chose to stay silent, just staring at Ryker's present state.

The last body dropped beside Ryker in the bloody streets, and his blue eyes casted down the female corpse.

He couldn't smirk even if he wanted to, the ice held his already bloody face in place. He reeks of blood.

The knights jumped down the bridge, and Eternus joined them.

They landed in the palace, meeting the old men who escaped the arena by the gate.

They're the first people to taste death in that palace.

Ryker didn't even touch or try to kill them. He walked past.

Cheyenne and Sage took care of them. Even Eternus summoned his sword, joining the slaying.

Bodies began falling again.

Getting inside the palace, the wives and children are already converged at a corner, quivering in fear.

Their heads are all down, on the ground. They're too scared to look up

Ryker's bloodthirsty condition didn't give space for mercy.

It has never did.

He nearly stabbed them with spikes, but he heard whimpers of Shayla, and his head snapped to the left.

He super sped there, entering the portal he came across since he could smell her scent inside.

Right inside the portal, Shayla sat, looking drained, tortured and in deep-rooted pains.

Bloody back, pale lips, her face had few cuts.

"Shayla." His deep voice dropped.

Two steps run, he was with her. 

He went on a knee, cradling her small teary chin in the middle of his palm, staring deep at the details of her face.

He boiled inside despite the ice.

Shayla smiled dryly, raising her hand to press his own hand harder to her red face, focusing only on his eyes.

"It hurts, like hell." She whispered, sniffling and hiccuping.

"Tell me, everything." He replied, his whisper deeper but calm.

"He wanted me to have his thing in my mouth, but I narrowly escaped..." She hiccupped. "I was nearly made to give them a strip session too." 

The blue in Ryker's eyes switched. Redness swallowed the irises.

"No!!" Her voice screamed suddenly.

A flat sword entered Ryker's body from behind, coming out on his chest.

He bled from the mouth, his blood spluttered on Shayla's face.

"My...My Lord." She stuttered, blood curling. "Moy Vladika!!"

Ryker fell on the dusty ground, his blood colouring his lips.

Prince Dyke and his father are behind. Prince Dyke is the one holding the sword, wet with Ryker's blood.

"I expected more from the demigod. Samurai sword was enough to take him down?" He laughed.

"You pulled the words right out of my mouth." The King joined the laughter.

"No..." Shayla dragged herself to her knees. "No!!"

She was already crawling to Ryker's body when Prince Dyke stalked to her.

"You'll never be free from us, my bride. Now you're ours. You belong to me and my father! Ours to fûck! I'd like to feel the satisfaction of fuckin a demigoddess." He boomed.

Talking was one part, but getting to her was the craziest part.

The moment he stretched his hand to her hair to drag her up, that hand was pulled, and the hand fell out of his body, flatly to the ground.

"Ohhgghhhh!!!!!" Prince Dyke howled like a wounded wolf.

Tears poured out of his eyes as his blood flowed.

The King stepped back, horror registering deep on his face.

Shayla looked forward to see Ryker's body isn't on the ground anymore.

She looked ahead, and her breaths clogged madly when she saw Ryker is already with Prince Dyke.

He's the one who did the arm pull, and right now, his five fingers are allover Prince Dyke's face.

Eyes redder.

Aura darker.

Energy punishing.

"Even at my weakest," he growled. "No one...I repeat...no one can take my life unless I willingly let it go."

"Ahhhgh!!!" Prince Dyke cried louder than his vocal chords.

Shayla stood, sniffling and unable to move.

"You shouldn't have touched her, not even a hair strand on her head!" Ryker spat fiercely.

And with that said, his fingers dug deeper into Prince Dyke's face.

He tore the skin on his face away.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 44&46.

IT'S FRIDAY, HAVE IT IN MIND THAT IF THIS CHAPTER GOES BAD IN ENGAGEMENTS, THEN TILL MONDAY, SO DON'T SLACK.

If requirements are incomplete by 7pm tomorrow, forget about a chapter.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share.

★

"Dyke!!!!!!" The name rolled out of the king's tongue with horror, tears streamed out of his eyes.

"Dyke!!!!!!" Another scream spilled out, louder with more depth as if he had just realized.

Shayla was breathless behind. 

Momentarily, she forgot the pains from her aching back. Her back was on the wall before she knew it.

When she was in the dark room, the guards threatened to tear off her whole skin anytime she made a mistake, and she always thought it was an empty threat.

What human would tear the skin of another human completely?

But it wasn't empty after all. Someone just did it in front of her, he even pulled out the arm...

Everything done singlehandedly.

The cries of the king got louder and crazier, like he had just lost his only son which is true.

No one would live without a facial skin, but it didn't end there.

Ryker's eyes found Shayla, and she held her breaths again as he conjured a spooky ice thorn on his palm.

He held eyes with her as he threw the thorn to Prince Dyke's middle.

His cóck dangled out of his body, and Shayla fell on her butt, covering her mouth with her palm.

She let out her breaths, they're shaky and hot.

Prince Dyke's incomplete body crumbled heavily on the ground, his blood filled the portal.

"You're really a bastard as they say!  An uncircumcised bastard!!!" The King grabbed the sword, standing from where he sat on the ground.

He pointed the sword at Ryker who looks nonchalant even with the blood on his face and fingers.

"I never tried to beat the allegations. Always a bastard, always will be." He spoke with intentional slowness which angered the king further.

"I'm willing to send you to hell." He spat, rubbing his index finger ring on the sword blade.

The blade caught fire, burning bright and filling the room with yellow illumination.

"Take it!" He threw the sword at Ryker's way, straight.

Ryker didn't move out of the way, he saw it coming but stood there.

Shayla raised herself from the wall, rushing over to the end point.

She nearly got in front of him to take the sword pierce, but Ryker buckled his arm on her waist and pulled her away from the point.

With that done, he faced the point himself. The burning sword stayed in front of his eyes, and the shadows of the burning fire swirled in his eyes, but the sword wouldn't move closer.

Slowly, the fire on the blade went off, thanks to his ice.

"Next time, use a more powerful fire. But too bad, there'll be no next time." Ryker said, directing the weak blaze back to the starting point.

The King couldn't even escape his own sword. He wasn't able to take a step away before the sword pierced him, carrying him to the wall.

The sword stabbed his body to the wall, and he went limp there, his blood drawing irregularly on the wall to the ground.

Shayla's body went rigid beside Ryker again, she swallowed emptiness multiple times.

Ryker's eyes shifted back to her, and she did the swallow thing again.

"What were you trying to do getting in front of the sword like that?" He questioned.

"I carry the FireStone inside me, I thought if the sword pierced me, it wouldn't wound me. I just didn't want to sit down uselessly." She replied.

"You will not do that again." He instructed, holding her waist tighter as if to drive the point home.

"But you were—"

"Shayla!" He snapped.

"Yes...I won't do it again." She muttered in a low voice.

Ryker lifted her robe sleeves when she noticed she was cringing, and when he saw the bite marks, the anger he thought was reducing started building again.

"My back was aching, and I had to bite myself to keep the pain minimized. It's not very painful, you're here now so it's fine." She said with a little convincing smile, but he could see through her smile.

Through the pains.

He waved his two fingers over the bite marks, but they refused to heal.

He dragged them over her facial cuts too.

Still the same.

He's unable to heal her.

Must be because of his exhaustion and the coldness inside of him. She's currently wounded and weak too, so if he absorbs her warmth right now, she'd suffer backlash.

He'd have to use the pool, and she'd have to rest well before any healing process can work.

He lifted her into his arms, and her arms went locked behind his neck.

He carried her out of that portal, and they met bodies outside.

Every single soul on the palace is also dead, bodies are scattered across the marbles.

He could see the sign of Cheyenne's nails, the sign of Sage's rope, and the sign of Eternus sword on the bodies.

He met them close to the banquet arena, they're now six—plus Xena, Faye and Blaise.

Cheyenne had found them in the prison during the slaughter.

"Shay!" Xena gasped, looking relieved when she saw her.

Shayla smiled at her from Ryker's arms, and she returned it.

Ryker's eyes went behind the arena, dissatisfied to see there are still people alive—the helpless wives and their children.

He dropped Shayla gently, and he was about to freeze them to death when Shayla got in his way.

"No! They tried to help me escape! They're innocent, you can't kill them!" She brought his hand down, but he took it from her.

"Please... please please don't kill them. Please..." She pleaded in repeat, holding his hand again and looking up at his eyes maybe she'd catch some pity or mercy.

There was none.

"I never leave witnesses." He groaned and took her out of the way.

He froze them. To death.

He didn't even bother doing the shatter, they all stood frozen in their spots like statues.

"No!! No!!!" Shayla covered her mouth as she fought the tears stinging her eyes.

"They did nothing wrong... nothing." She sobbed, shutting her eyes.

"Has your brother always been like this?" Blaise whispered beside Xena.

"I swear I'm not breathing." Faye muttered.

Xena was speechless.

"I wouldn't care less if he decides to visit the non-human city closest to this one to kill additional people." Cheyenne said.

"Of course, you're just as cold-blooded." Sage replied.

Eternus is looking at Ryker with eyes that says he has lost all hope of redemption for him.

He doesn't see this god growing a love thread anytime soon.

No. That's not happening with this heartlessness.

Ryker tried carrying Shayla again, but she shifted back, shaking her head.

He looked at her, and she shook her head again.

The fear of him that was already reducing...it came back in folds, her eyes are full of it.

He didn't care about it though, he forcefully carried her in his arms, and he could feel her body shivering against him as he caged her there.

They vanished back to Luminaria with the rest.

Even Faye and Blaise followed them to the East Palace in the tower.

Eternus too.

Ryker dropped Shayla on her bed in her room, and when he reached for her hair to touch, she shifted back, sniffling and hiccuping.

She dragged the quilt over her legs, her eyes going down with no plans to look up at him.

"You shouldn't have killed the wives... They tried to help me." She muttered, still not raising her head.

Ryker dropped his hand with a knot between his full brows. He stared at her fearful self for a while before leaving the room.

"Take care of her" he told Cheyenne by the door.

"Sure" Cheyenne replied, entering the room after Ryker left.

She made sure Shayla had her bath first, then she cooked porridge and forced her to eat a little.

She mixed some oral medicine for her and had her drink it, then she let her drag the quilt over herself.

Her eyes closed.

"I knew a day like this would come when you'd find out just how heartless and ruthless he can be." Cheyenne said, sitting on a stool beside the bed.

"He was born with the FrostOrb, and the FrostOrb drinks his blood weekly, so he needs replenishment. Also, when you weren't here for the past 300 years, he depended on people's blood just to keep himself warm apart from the spring pool. He was born that way, the bloodlust can't be erased unless he grows a love thread." 

Shayla opened her eyes slowly.

"Rumi, Xena's twin sister covered your mark following the orders of your mother. The mark will only come back if Rumi lifts it, or if his lordship grows a love thread for you." Cheyenne further explained.

"I once eavesdropped on you and Sage discussing in the kitchen about how Rumi covered my mark, but why would mother hire her to hide it?" Shayla asked.

"Said she was scared that his lordship would want to kill you when he finds out who you are, but that's definitely a lie. Only Rumi knows the real truth of the reason for the cover, so Rumi really has to appear." Cheyenne said.

Shayla's throat closed on nothing, her pale lips moved slowly when she remembered something.

                        {Age 4}

Shayla wasn't allowed to bath in the bathroom. Liza never allowed it, so her baths were always taken outside.

If it rained, it's a bonus.

Shayla loved bathing in the rain, she never got cold no matter what.

It's a rainy evening, and Shayla was bathing in the rain as usual, wearing a faded singlet and short knickers.

She was running around, collecting the raindrops in the middle of her palms, cackling and chuckling freely.

Liza opened the front door of the house, pushing her protruding tummy out and ready to chew Shayla out as usual, but what she saw stopped her.

In the middle of Shayla's back, there's a mark. A rare, weird mark.

A burning sword tattoo.

"What Is That?" Liza mumbled, blinking to bring herself back to reality, but no matter how many times she blinked, the mark still sat there, burning.

She went back inside, becoming so restless as the minutes rolled by.

Eventually, she gathered everything she could get her hands on in her family archives, taking her time to read, scrutinizing for anything related to the mark.

It was already past 11pm when she found something inside a black ancient journal.

Gods.

They live through centuries and dwell through times.

Each time a god loses his or her divine body, they never die completely, they just choose a new host—new inheritor for their powers, and they pour their divine mantle into the bodies of their new inheritor for the start of a new generation.

Male and female gods exist in opposites, mostly.

There's Demigod of the Night and Demigoddess of the Day.

There's Demigod of the Air and Demigoddess of the Underground.

But the most popular of them all are the direct opposites.

Demigod of Ice and Demigoddess of Fire, both bearing the burning and frozen mark behind them.

Liza dropped the journal immediately. Her eyes widened, and she covered her mouth.

"My baby is carrying the demigoddess mantle? I gave birth to...a Demigoddess? Geez!" She stood.

She couldn't contain her joy for the next few minutes.

She went outside and took Shayla in, keeping her from the rain.

"Go bath in the bathroom, the rain is too heavy." She smiled at her.

That was the first time Shayla ever saw her mother's smile, and she couldn't contain her shock.

"Ma?"

Liza touched her face, fondly. "Yes, I'm your Ma. Feel free to call me that from now on."

Shayla smiled widely, hugging her legs tight.

                 {Present Time}

"I spent four years with her, suffering, but some weeks before I turned 5, she suddenly changed to me, acting nice." Shayla mumbled.

"So...that was it. She changed to me only because she saw my mark, and she went ahead to get Rumi to seal it?" She shook her head.

"How could she do that to me?"

"Everyone wants power, Tiny. Your mother is probably one of those people who dreams of ruling this city by using you." Cheyenne said.

"But why? When she figured out I had the power in me, why did she still send me to the dark room as a slave?" Shayla said confusedly.

"Cos she knew you'd be sold to the palace and you'd meet his lordship who's your partner, but I guess she wasn't expecting him to figure you out even without the mark, so right now...she probably has another plan." Cheyenne scoffed.

Shayla still looks confused even after those words.

"Tiny, let me tell you. This our world is even crueller than the human world, people take anyone out of the way just to achieve their goals. But you're safe here, I promise you. His lordship will go to the end of the world if it means saving you, you're his only warmth anyways." Cheyenne smiled.

"Where is...he?" Shayla looked up.

"His ice is acting up even more than it did the last time he entered the land of the condemned, so he's soaking in his pool." Cheyenne said.

"I'll go...give him some warmth." Shayla tried getting off bed, but Cheyenne pushed her back.

"Not allowed, you're still wounded, and your mark is still hidden. If you take care of him in his critical state, you'll get hurt." She said.

"Will he be fine?" Shayla asked worriedly.

"You're suddenly not mad at him anymore for killing the wives?" Cheyenne smiled.

"I wasn't angry, killing is his nature anyways. I was just scared." Shayla muttered under the quilt.

"You should get plenty rest. Ring me on the telephone if you need anything." Cheyenne said.

Shayla nodded, and Cheyenne exited the room, closing the door softly behind herself.

Shayla closed her eyes, but it didn't take a minute before she opened them again.

She dipped her hand under her pillow and took out Ryker's embroidered handkerchief.

She was rubbing her thumb on the embroidery till she slept off.

--

[Bamboo Groove, Spring Pool]

Ryker is inside the pool completely. His head is not even out. He dipped himself like cookie in tea.

Once the water gets cold, it automatically drains out through the four-way drainage, and new hot water rushes in.

That has been the procedure since over an hour now.

Feast is in less than two week, and his plans are ringing loud in his head, inpatient to get executed.

Tthis palace would be painted in red that day, but before then, he has to find Rumi.

Rumi has to take the bait faster. He hates stillness, he needs the warmth so bad and it's not even coming forth.

He could have used Xena's soul to call Rumi's own, but Xena's soul would get badly wounded which he doesn't want to risk.

He hates his father, not his sister. He's not going to chanel pain into her essence with his own hands.

After the thirtieth dive into the pool, his head came up, water running down his body back into the pool.

He checked his repeatedly stabbed arm and his stabbed chest, then the stomach stabbed with a sword.

They're all healing, but the process is so damn slow.

He has damaged this body too much today, and he needs as much rest as he could get, but he's not seeing himself in a bed anytime soon.

Not when her highness is still scared of him. He enjoys her fear, but when it gets too much, it gets boring like now. He needs that smile.

"Are you thinking about her?" Eternus voice broke in from the edge of the pool.

"Do you want to get stabbed again?" Ryker rolled his eyes up.

"Yes! Stab me out of this body to the body of a 12 year old kid I beg you." Eternus replied instantly.

"Get lost" Ryker smirked, resting his back on the pool wall.

His eyes went shut, water cascading down his lashes.

"You killed the wives and children tell the heavens how much control you have, isn't it? You did it to get back at them for locking the gateway earlier." Eternus said seriously.

"Why ask when you already know the answer," Ryker opened his eyes. "They did their thing, and I did mine. It's a game in the end." 

"I'll be here when you grow the love thread no matter how stubborn you are about it." Eternus replied.

Ryker looked up at the edge, but Eternus already left.

"I miss my clouds castle, I'm going to sleep for days, and don't come for a visit!" His voice cut through the air.

Ryker closed his eyes back.

--

[Back In The Tower]

Like a panel, Sage sat in front of Faye and Blaise and Xena, looking at them with hooded eyes.

They're beside the orchard.

"So... Faye. You're a serpent? You suggested going to the city?" Sage said.

"I wanted the demigod on our West side, so yes" Faye brazenly replied.

"Can you tune it down?" Blaise said through his teeth beside her.

"I'm only saying the truth." Faye gritted back.

"You could have been killed!" Sage stood from his chair.

"Me too. Scold me too, not just them." Xena spoke up.

"Why would you even follow them Xena?" Cheyenne appeared.

"Your animal summoning ability isn't even sharp yet. You never practice it. You endangered your life." Cheyenne said further.

"That'd be the last time I make such thoughtless move." Xena said.

"And to you two...West Palace folks...his lordship will never collaborate with anyone that's not himself, so stop trying." Sage said.

"But why?" Faye asked.

Blaise quickly held her lips together, dragging her out of the tower.

She kept trying to speak, but he never let go till they vanished by the door.

"I'm gonna go write a notification letter to the ballet school and inform them of Tiny and Xena's absence." Cheyenne said.

Sage followed her, and Xena went to Shayla's room to check on her.

She found out she's asleep, so she left the tower, returning to the servants quarters.

When she walked past the park, she came across Soren who's on his way to school.

Their eyes met, and she stopped to greet with a bow.

He ignored and almost entered his car, but he suddenly stopped.

He glanced at her and threw a cigar stick at her which she caught.

"Reward for the time you spent with me at the compartment." He said and finally drove out of the palace.

Xena looked at the cigar with disbelief, blinking once and twice.

"Is he in his right senses?" She muttered, pocketing the stick.

She's going to give it back to him.

She proceeded to the quarters, entering their room and meeting Old Chef in bed, looking crippled with thoughts.

"Father?" She walked closer, and the man looked up with a small smile.

"Xena, I think your brother might never forgive me for life. I did something terrible."

"What are you talking about?" Xena sat beside him.

"I think I'm better dead." He said.

"What are you even saying?" Xena said fearfully.

Old Chef sighed, looking ahead without replying.

Xena's confusion heightened.

--

[Royal Office]

Royals get busy when the Feast draws near, especially in this office.

Zeke has been ordering supplies, stamping and signing since last night. 

He only had a little sleep, then he resumed his work this morning, making sure money reached every part it's supposed to get to.

The laptop screen lit up with a new report from the guards table, and he relaxed on his chair as he read it.

Eclypseria... Extinct.

Ryker killed every single soul in the city. He ruined it totally just to get his partner out.

"As it should be" Zeke smiled, drumming his fingers on the desk.

"You can't be killed yet, but irreparable damages can be done." He chuckled, remembering the poisoned pool.

Azura came into the office, dropping her purse on the table.

"You said you wouldn't leave the Haven till Sadie's wounds heals." Zeke said instantly.

"She and Kade healed this morning, out of the blues." Azura replied, sitting in front of him.

"Guess the punishment time is finally over." Zeke said.

"Director Esme is aware that Shayla was kidnapped by the distance prince, and I knew nothing. What exactly is going on?" Azura asked.

"Can you not start nitpicking again?" Zeke leaned forward. "She got kidnapped, the bastard destroyed the whole city to take her, over."

"Don't give me that crap, Zeke! I am your wife! The Madame of this palace! What right does Esme have to get info from you faster than me!" Azura spranged up like a tigress.

"Are we really doing this today when there's a lot to attend to?" Zeke scoffed.

Azura was already walking to him, planning to drag him up when a guard ran in after a sharp knock.

"Grand Supreme, Grand Madame, Granny Tara is here." He reported.

"Mother?" Zeke smiled.

Azura froze.

"Mother is here, Zura." Zeke grinned, following the guard out to the park.

Truly, the cruel looking Granny is just getting out of her car. She looks wicked even without talking, and there's a snake hanging around her neck like a necklace.

"Mother!" Zeke moved forward excitedly.

From the top windows of the castle, three people stood.

Jude and Pearl are by a window.

Lilith stood by another window.

"Things kept getting more heated. Well I'm starting ballet school tomorrow, I won't have to deal with this new patient." Pearl smiled.

"I can smell the trouble even from here." Jude sniffed.

"What's with the snake on her neck?" Lilith scoffed. "Everyone's weird in this family."

--

[Black Swan Ballet School, Elite Practice Hall]

Esme took over the hall today.

The practice for the Feast dance started proper, she's in charge.

Everyone is present, even Sadie and Kade.

Faye and Blaise are here too.

Except Xena and Shayla.

Esme made Mercury and and the twins stand at the center throughout the first practice round.

"The second round starts at 4. Call home, we're closing late." She announced, using a white hanky on her face sweat.

"Also... Shayla and Xena are exempted from —"

Before she could finish that, her secretary came in with a handwritten letter.

"From Heartless Tower, was addressed to you." He said as he handed it over.

With a smirk, Esme tore it open. There are only three words inside.

DON'T DO IT.

Holding the letter instantly felt like a task. She could feel the weight, and she knows what it means.

She folded it and threw it in a trashcan.

"Shayla and Xena remain in the dance, and in the center." She said before exiting the hall.

Kade drank from a bottle of water immediately, thinking of various ways to kill Shayla and get away with it. Everyone heard about how the demigod destroyed Eclypseria all for her, so acting anyhow would cost his life. He's aware that he needs to work with a bigger hand at this point.

"Your wounds are finally gone? Guess the torture period is over." Blaise came to him with Faye.

"You both went to Eclypseria on a rescue mission? All for her?" Kade rolled eyes.

"What about it? What exactly is your problem with her? Tell me." Faye demanded.

"Because she's my—"

Kade gritted his jaws to stop the rest of his words from coming out.

He snatched his water back from Blaise and left just like that.

"Your best friend is acting odd" Faye shrugged.

"Feel like he's trying so hard to keep something. His unfinished sentences proves that." Blaise said.

"I'll find it out what." Faye replied.

Blaise looked at her, sighing emptily before looking away.

On the other side of the hall, Soren is drinking iced water, and it's leaking in streaks to his throat.

When he detached the bottle from his lips, Mercury was already in front of him, smiling.

"I'm glad you're now fine. Thankfully, I was able to help with your head wound last night." 

She pointed a food warmer at him.

"I'm not very good with food, but my mother helped with it so I'm sure it tastes good. I know you hate breakfast but you need it for better recovery." She said.

Before Soren could even reject it, Sadie's hand flew to the warmer.

She slapped it away, wasting the food in the floor.

"Sadie!" Mercury snapped.

"Who said you could bring food for my twin? I told you, you can't like him!" Sadie yelled.

"Is it a taboo to cook for my friend? You wounded him last night and he came to me for healing so I'm just doing what a friend should do! Stop being a witch!" Mercury pushed her out of the way and stormed out of the hall angrily.

"You're embarrassing" Soren told Sadie, then he faced the door.

"Ren!!" Sadie went after him. 

Soren went as far away from her as possible. He went to the graffiti hall and entered the compartment to be alone, but surprisingly, Xena was already there.

"What are you doing here? I came here with you once doesn't me you get to come anytime you want." He queried sternly.

But then... Xena came closer, smiling strangely.

She touched his chest with a finger, blowing him a kiss.

"Just came to check up on you, don't be salty about it." She winked and left the compartment.

Soren stepped out too, but she was already gone.

"That's not Xena." He muttered.

--

[East Palace, Heartless Tower~Shayla's Room]

It must be the embroidered handkerchief.

That's definitely the problem. 

Since Shayla woke up from her resting sleep, the pheromones started their shit again, and she's at the verge of losing her mind already.

She shouldn't have slept with his handkerchief in her hands, and now the consequence is dire.

Every part of her body is on fire, she's aching at every nerve point.

She lay on her bed, hands holding the  quilt tightly as she stared up at the ceiling tiles.

The middle of her legs started getting it's own heartbeats again, and she sat up hastily in bed.

At the same time, Cheyenne came inside.

"Let's get you dressed up, his lordship wants to take you out." She announced.

"Huh?" Shayla shifted down.

"C'mon, there's no time." Cheyenne pulled her into the treasure dresser.

Twenty minutes later, they came out, but Shayla looks different.

Cheyenne dressed her chicly.

White thin-strapped singlet, slightly baggy jean, slightly big round earrings, black boots, straightened out hair which surpassed the middle of her back, lips painted pink.

And a little makeover to cover her facial cuts.

"Where are we going to?" Shayla asked Cheyenne.

"He probably wants to make you feel good after what you witnessed earlier." Cheyenne replied simply.

Shayla proceeded out of the room, moving to the northern part of the tower all by herself.

That's where the garage is, and she came to a quick stop when she saw Ryker waiting there.

He dressed chic just like her. 

Black undershirt with a leather jacket on top, baggy jean too, even a black bandana is tied wholly over his hair, leaving some strands to fall over his eyes a little.

He looks mad different.

In robes, he looks majestic, in suits, he looks bossy and taller, but here...

Is this what Xena would call sexy?

He's sèxy, and that was like a fuel to the sensations she was feeling before.

The heartbeats between her legs resumed. Her breàsts throbbed, too.

What is this?

Carefully, she went closer, noticing he's sitting on a bike.

"Where are we going?" She asked, and his eyes found hers instantly.

"Are you unwilling to go out, your highness?"

"Your... highness?" She drawled, wondering where that nickname came from again.

She prefers firefly.

"Get on, and not at the back. Sit in front of me." He said.

"How would you drive then?" She asked, and her eyes widened at what he did next.

He easily lifted her to the bike, dropping her in front of him. She's facing him on the bike though, so there's space to handle the bars.

She quickly threw her arms around him, wrapping them there and inhaling him more as he rolled the bike out of the tower, using his personal exit out of the palace.

Apart from the short drives to the ballet school, Shayla has never really explored the city of Luminaria before, especially at night like this.

It's heartbreakingly beautiful, so much that she feels like reaching the skies to pluck one of the stars.

The multicolored city lights, the wealthy mansions, electric gates everywhere, the fireworks from the lumi park, the crapper hotels, the exclusive clubhouses and bars.

Everything created the needed hive hub in her head, and she kept her body still on the bike as the night breeze carried her smooth hair with a whooshing sound.

She was only able to focus on the city for the first five minutes though.

After the five minutes, her concentration returned to the god she's hugging on the bike.

Her nose remembered his scent, and her throb resumed in the wettest places ever.

She peered up at his face, seeing that he's so focused on driving the bike.

She gulped, her fingers moving behind him. She followed her mind, she did as her instincts told, and before she knew it, her lips moved up his open chest, slightly.

Her nose sniffed him, intoxicating herself with more of him.

She got so lost that her fingers began moving faster, rubbing his body behind and crawling to his lower back.

Ryker stepped on the bike gas, overspending down the busy road as her lips found his Adam's apple.

She kissed it, her fingers traveling from his back to his arms, going into his jacket to caress his biceps.

Her lips left wet kisses on his neck, round without leaving out a single space. The hotness intensified, she could feel her chest throbbing harder that it hurts so much.

She got up to his face, and she wasn't surprised to see his eyes are cast down on her.

She brought her two hands to his face, holding it gently.

She leaned in without waiting, kissing his bottom lip before kissing the upper one, then she captured the two at the same time.

Ryker's lashes went down

The bike came to a sharp halt somewhere in a street corner, and his arms immediately left the handlebars, going around her body to wrap tightly.

He slid his tongue into her mouth first, guiding it with hers as the kiss turned sweeter, deeper.

More close. More tight. More hard.

Shayla's hands are still under his jacket, rubbing his body slowly, caressing with care.

The silence of that street corner enveloped them completely, just the sounds of their popping kiss and their heavy breaths as their mouths danced wildly.

"Touch me... please. Please touch me. My chest, everywhere." She whispered into the heat of the kiss.

Ryker's hands slid away the thin straps of her singlet. He dragged the thin fabric down together with her small bra cups

Pheromones are really driving her crazy cos her breasts are leaking.

Breast milk dripped from her pink n1pples, temptingly.

From her chest, he looked up at her pretty face.

The hunger and desire he saw in those eyes was enough to undo him.

He went feral, jaws ticking, body tensing and head clocking.

He used his tongue, chasing the leaking milk down to her cleavages.

He licked them, then he took his tongue back up, pressing her body gently to the bike with his palms as the protective anchor.

The moment his mouth covered her two n1pples at the same time, Shayla went out of control.

A small moan slipped out of her mouth.

"Ahh. . . Ryker."

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 47&48.

If requirements are incomplete by 7pm tomorrow, forget about a chapter.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share.

#Unedited 

★

Lapping on every slope with his tongue, nipping at every heat with his teeth, stroking the heaviness with his tip, soothing with the coldness of his saliva. Ryker was insatiable the moment he began the suck.

It got crazier when she moaned his name. The breeze carried it around, echoing it in his ears as if trying to remind him how gentle and tempting the name sounded on her tongue.

His hand on her back moved up slowly, fingers tracing the mark wound which healed immediately.

Her facial cuts disappeared, too. Her spotless beauty returned.

He pulled at her nîpples teasingly, still tasting the tang of the sweetness under the curves of his tongue.

He applied more gentility as he closed his palms on her breàsts, rolling the nîpples between his cold fingers. His mouth moved to her neck, his sinful tongue licking her.

Her skin memorized the bold maps he's leaving behind on every pulse.

A shower of stars lined behind her closed lids, her fingers fiddling with his hair. The bandana fell off already.

She was hanging between the handlebars as his lips moved to her neck, not leaving any line unkissed till he arrived at her ears.

He licked her shells and pulled at the softness of the lobes.

His hold on her breàsts turned a little more firm, thumbs flicking her puckered buds and tracing her dark big areolas.

"Ohh. . .I like that." She trembled under him, her hands nearly slipping from his biceps as her fingers had a hard time holding them. It filled them up completely.

"You do?" He muffled into her skin, kissing her eyes and rubbing his nose sensually on hers.

"Yes...very much..." She responded, shaking and unstable.

Her breaths were stolen again when his lips crashed back on hers.

"Hmm" she moaned slowly, her hands going still on him as she focused on the kiss.

He snaked his hand down her tummy, into her jean pants.

It kept going down, beyond her panties, and her eyes opened.She broke the kiss.

Her doubtful eyes are so beautiful to behold, lips a pale shade of pink like her n1ps, and breaths very runny.

"You're soaked, again..." Ryker whispered, kissing her lips shortly after saying that.

His fingers stayed unmoved on her cl1t, and she stayed still too, for him.

"Even before we left the tower, it has been like this." she replied in a smaller whisper, and he smiled at the attractive boldness.

She inched up a little, kissing his two deep dimples.

"I love them" she said, eyes never shaking away from his own.

His longest finger entered her...slow, too slow and never stopping till it settled deep.

He saw the crease and breach on her face throughout. He studied them like a project, and he made sure she felt comfortable and soft.

"Still feel good?" He asked..

She nodded, and he frowned.

"Yes...yes. I still feel good." She quickly corrected herself, voice so expectant and slightly trembly.

"Are you scared?" He asked, kissing her nîpples softly.

"No. I'm just...it's a first time thingy." She replied, backing that up with a plain smile.

There's no single light in the corner they're in. It's all darkness, and the power bike felt like something was holding it cos it didn't shake at all.

The breeze accompanied them, their heavy breathings stayed consistent, their bodies exchanging heat and iciness, a give and take which dominated their opposite minds.

Ryker's finger moved finally, fuckin her slowly, in and out without hitching, claiming her all the way and leaving his soul signature there, painting the mark that anyone else who touches her this way will die.

"More. . . please. More. . .ahh!!" Shayla's moans lifted into the night when another finger entered, filling her up, occupying her.

She held on to his back, her eyes smiling at him as pleasure robbed her of her breaths again.

She was breathing with her mouth as she received the finger thrusts, her walls clenching around his digits and hips buckling for him.

Her earring fell, and her hair tangled with the handlebars. Her hard n1pples pointed to the sky. Sweat went from her face to her neck, hitting the bike.

Her mouth stayed open, her eyes boring into his own that's hovering above her, and she couldn't even blink as his dark aura undid her, his fingers plowing her fast.

Her knees went stiff, neck dropping low on the bike as her eyes shed warm pleasure tears.

"It's. . .mmm. . I'm going to. ."

"Do it. Don't hold back. Cûm, Firefly." He gave her the sexiest deep whisper ever, and that was her last push.

She broke on his fingers, wetting them with hot sin.

Her chest felt constricted as it's beating too fast, too much.

Her stomach clenched on nothing, hollowing as his fingers came out of her, slick with her juices.

He made sure she was staring at him as he brought them to his lips, licking them off with his tongue.

The hammering in her chest turned more insane as she watched that display, red hue heated her cheeks.

Ryker adjusted her panty and shifted her jean trousers back up.

Next, he put her bra cups in place, strapping it with her top singlet.

"What's that called?" She asked as he shifted her on the bike.

"I just fingered you. A little something to calm your pheromones." He explained simply, untangling her hair from the handlebars.

He picked her fallen earring.

"It isn't considered sèx?" She said out of nowhere, and his eyes met hers, a sardonic smirk adorning his lips.

"Just how naive and unlearned are you, your highness?" 

Shayla turned her face away, but he pulled it back, holding her chin with peak fragility.

"If I fucked you, we'd be far from done by now, and I wouldn't fûck you in a dark corner, I prefer doing it on a bed—my bed, and again, if I fucked you... you'd be bleeding there." He explained, glancing at the middle of her legs which she immediately moved together.

"Have you done it with someone else before?" She asked, and he touched her lip, caressingly.

"Why?" He smirked again. "Jealous of whoever took my first?"

"No...why would I possibly be jealous? I'm a mere partner, not a... girlfriend. I'm just...curious." She replied, and he saw how she gulped, obviously.

She lied. 

"You know what a girlfriend is?" He let go of her lip.

"Xena once told me. Girlfriend and boyfriend are like lovers." She replied, voice gentle again, so gentle he felt at peace. 

Her voice just does it for him.

He brushed her hair back.

"I was still with Ma when she gave birth to Kade, and I'm aware that only breastfeeding mothers produce breast milk." She said worriedly.

"You're a goddess, Shayla. Of course your body works different from the ordinary. Your body was due for my touches, and it became too much to hold down, so it pushed irregularities to your glands." He replied, putting the earring back in her ear.

"Oh...now I get." She nodded.

He carried her down from the bike, then he climbed back up and placed her in front of him again.

He was about to kick it to life when his Channeler Shell glittered in his pocket.

"One minute." He told Shayla, holding her head to his chest as he brought the shell out.

"Yeah." She replied, feeling like sleeping in his arms.

"Yes?" He spoke into the shell.

"The second Granny is here. Apparently, she arrived since morning, but she has been resting in her chambers. She only just stepped out this night, and she's already showing what she's capable of." 

"Things like?" Ryker sighed.

"Killing a guard because he was too fat. She went to the slaves hall and killed ten slaves, Note; they did nothing to her—she drowned them in the face-eating well. Also, she poured hot water on your fath...i mean, Old Chef. She poured hot water on his hands because he served her cold tea." Sage listed the atrocities.

"And?" Ryker sounded.

"She's currently eating dinner with every member of the family at the royal dinning." Sage said.

"She was meant to come play her part. Let her be, I heard a lot about her psychopathia, and I'd love to witness more. Bring Xena to the tower." Ryker replied and kept the shell away.

His eyes went back to Shayla's head on his chest.

She's already asleep, but that won't stop him from taking her where he has in mind, so he brought the bike back to life again.

Even in her sleep, her arms instinctively wrapped on him. 

She held tight till he arrived at his destination.

--

[East Palace, Castle Dinning]

The dinning is silent, not even the sound of cutleries on plates can be heard. Everyone ate in silence, not daring to make any pauperism sound like Granny Tara had tagged it.

Everyone's here, including Lilith who sees herself as an additional member of the family, thanks to Azura.

Granny Tara sat at the head of the table, looking as dark as ever. Her snake is on the table in front of her, and the serpent is eating with her on the same plate.

Despite Sadie's overbearing cranky personality, she's trying her best to keep herself together on the table for the sake of her favorite Granny.

Jude looks like he's in-between. Not happy not sad about this visit.

Soren looks obviously unpleased. He didn't even try to hide it.

Pearl looks just as intrigued as Sadie. She's even smiling as she ate.

Lilith looks invisible on her seat as she had to stretch her spoon to reach the table. She's more focused on the food than the new granny.

She checked her phone when it made a low buzz, and she beamed with satisfaction when she saw it's from the family store.

Her wedding dress is done, ready for the wedding in two days time.

She dropped the phone and focused back on her food.

Zeke is the happiest on this table. He's chuckling from time to time, ignoring the discomfort on Azura's face.

Azura has always disliked Granny Tara, and Tara dislikes her too.

"Isn't tonight the dark room auction?" Granny Tara's voice cracked in the room, breaking the silence.

"I sent some money to the committee pocket. We'll get the additional slave tomorrow morning." Zeke replied, and the old woman nodded.

"And why is your mother not on this table, Azura?" She faced her.

Azura looked up from her meal.

"I heard she's in this palace too, is she avoiding me?" Tara scoffed, giving her snake some water.

"She's in coma, for now." Azura replied.

Tara nodded. "That's what your family is known for—comatose, powerlessness, and blindness." 

Azura's hand tightened on the spoon she's holding, and Pearl laughed before she knew it.

"Oh... it's the once upon a blind girl." Granny Tara looked her way.

"Yes, Granny. But I'm not a useless one. Granny Jojo passed down her powers to mother before she could see, but me? I was born to be great, and that's why I regained my sight on my own." Pearl replied proudly.

"Good. What exactly are you?" Tara gave her more attention.

"Not meant to be disclosed for now, but I'm sure it'd shock everyone when the time comes." Pearl smiled.

Tara moved her eyes to Sadie.

"You don't have to ask how I'm doing, I'm apparently not doing well. I'm still feeling the heat of the bastard and his partner in this palace." Sadie rolled eyes spitefully.

"You've always been like this, my favorite grandchild. Your hatred is what I love most about you, makes you more beautiful. You'll get a tip for that." Tara smiled.

Sadie smiled back.

"And about the partner and the demigod, it's part of why I came for the Feast. Your father has plans in place, just trust him." Tara continued.

She faced Jude next.

"I have nothing to say to you, Granny. Not when your snake is on this same table." He hissed.

The snake faced him, Jude shifted back on his chair.

"Oh...my snake hates when there's a better hisser around, careful." Tara warned. "Heard you're harboring dirty feelings for the partner. You have potential, use it for the family instead of lusting uselessly."

"Like I said..." Jude dropped his spoon too, relaxing. "I'm not talking to you."

"Hello, the new family member." Tara faced Lilith who immediately bowed.

"A banshee? One of it's kind? Better make yourself usefull when I'm still here, else I'll kill you myself."

"Of course." Lilith smiled.

Tara's eyes went to Soren next, and her smile turned bigger.

"I faced you last cos we have a lot to talk about. Sadie reported you to me, your slackness is lessening the bond between the two of you, and it's dangerous." She said.

Soren didn't reply, he just drank some water and relaxed.

"Your Granny is talking to you, Soren!" Zeke said.

Soren stayed still like he's deaf.

"Soren Millions." Tara called his full name, but he stayed unmoved.

Sadie folded her fists angrily.

Azura smiled, resuming her meal.

At the same time, Xena entered the dinning to deliver more soup cos Zeke ordered it.

"And who said you could enter at this time? Who said that!" Tara stood angrily, throwing her snake at her.

Xena's eyes widened, and as the snake neared her, she tried changing it's direction by communicating with it, but the snake is Tara's soul pet, so her ability didn't work on it at all.

The snake was almost at her face when Soren stood, hitting it away. 

The snake gave him a bite on the wrist before returning to the table, but he kept the bite secret like it was nothing, like he was ok.

"It was...Grand Supreme. Grand Supreme told me to bring the soup." Xena stuttered.

"Get out!" Soren barked at her,  and she walked backwards, nearly stumbling before she rushed out of the dinning room.

"Did Soren just defend someone?" Zeke and Jude said at the same time.

"I didn't defend anyone! I defended no one! I just hate when humans and animals stay together in one space. If you're going to talk to me, keep that foolish snake away!" Soren spat and left the dinning.

"I agree with my son on this" Azura stood, rolling eyes at Tara before leaving too.

Sadie kept sitting, thinking of brutal things to do to Xena.

Should she just cut her n1pples away and wear them as earrings?

She stabbed her steak angrily with her fork before leaving the dinning too.

Jude and Pearl left the dinning together too, and Lilith left with her own plate of food.

"I noticed a strange energy around him, that was the real reason I spoke to him last." Tara said, sitting back.

"What strange energy?" Zeke asked.

Tara faced him.

"That child is our major weapon in the future, Zeke. He's going to be what we need most, so we can't let anything come close. E.g, the Old Chef's daughter." She said.

"Anything you say shall be done. You're my only confidant apart from Esme." Zeke smiled.

"Oh... you'll take me to see that woman tomorrow. I need something beautiful to look at after Azura ruined my mood with her baked face. I wonder why you married her in the first place." Tara said, and Zeke laughed.

"I'll take you to see Esmeralda tomorrow."

"And tomorrow morning, gather everyone at the field for power trainings, including the banshee." Tara proceeded.

"Very well." Zeke nodded.

"Why am I not feeling the demigod's aura in the palace?" Tara asked.

"He's probably not in. That bastard needs no one's permission to enter of exit anywhere." Zeke sighed.

"He wiped off 12 generations, and he's the same person who wiped off a whole city?" Tara laughed.

"The more I get to know about him, the more impressed I am. I can't wait to see what his so-called partner looks like."

--

[Granny Jojo's Chamber]

Azura came in with a kitchen knife, her steps widening till she got to Granny Jojo's bedside.

She cut her finger with the knife, and once it bled, she brought it to Jojo's lips. She almost dropped her blood in her mouth when Zeke entered.

He pushed her away from the bed, stopping her.

"You're going to wake her from coma with your blood? Are you crazy?"

"Why not? She passed down her powers to me anyways so fragments of her energy is in me which is capable of waking her up once she tastes my blood! You have your mother by your side, and she's acting all tall and mighty, talking down on my family. I need my mother beside me too!" Azura snapped.

She went closer again, but Zeke held her, tight.

She broke free and slapped him in the face, shocking him.

"You sat there when she called my family powerless, and Pearl was laughing, but you said nothing, and now you're here to what? Stop me? I should wake mother up and apologize to her cos she's my only aide!" Azura yelled.

"Mother has this controlling energy inside her, you should have gotten used to it already! Even I can't stand near her tongue!" Zeke yelled too.

"I don't care! I just want my mother conscious, so scram!" Azura pushed him away and forcefully shoved her bleeding finger into Jojo's mouth.

"Mother, mother wake up." She shook her, vigorously.

Zeke inserted his hands into his regalia pockets behind, smiling knowingly.

Jojo's eyes peered open, and Azura gasped happily.

"Mother? Mother... welcome back"

--

[Servants Quarters]

Old Chef is in his bed, sleeping after suffering endlessly from the burns on his hands.

Xena is sitting at a corner in the room, holding her wrist and imagining the snake bite on it.

She clearly saw the snake biting Soren earlier, and now she's wondering if he's ok.

He's strong, but not without his sister, and right now he doesn't seem to be in a good mood with his sister, so she's greatly worried.

She looked at the cigarette in her palm, the one he threw at her this morning, and she sighed.

A knock sounded at the door, causing her to stand.

She was thinking it's one of the cleaning maids till she got to the door and say Cheyenne and Sage.

"We're to get your out of here, move into the tower. Tara is here, and it's not safe for you." Sage said.

"I'm not moving to the tower without father. Ryker hates father, and I hate father too, but it's not enough for me to leave him here alone. He was almost burnt to death today, so imagine what's going to happen without me?" Xena replied.

"What did I tell you? I said she'd never after without her useless father." Cheyenne rolled eyes.

"He's not useless, he just made a mistake." Xena said.

"A mistake which made you lose your mother! You and Rumi your silly twin were already three year olds before it happened, you both enjoyed mother's warmth for three years, but think about his lordship. He was just born when your father had to do his arse spanking rubbish! Your mother was killed when she was still covered with the blood of his lordship's birth! At the same day, your twin went missing and is still not found till now. If you keep defending your father this night, Xena, I'm going to slap you!" Cheyenne said angrily.

"Cheyenne no" Sage pulled her back.

"Yunno this would be the third time his lordship would be trying to get your out of this quarters to the tower, and you kept saying no. From now on, whatever happens to you is your problem to solve!" Cheyenne broke free, storming away.

Sage left too, and Xena shut the door, sitting behind it and burying her teary face in her thighs.

--

[City, King's Mansion]

Since Faye mentioned the thing about Kade acting odd in school, she has been determined to dig it out, so she came here under the cover of the night, wearing a nose mask and a beanie cap to conceal her identity.

Thanks to her snaking ability, she was able to slither into the mansion, and she climbed up the wall, staying behind Liza's room and waiting for anything to go wrong or odd.

She didn't wait long. Just five minutes later, Liza entered the room with her phone to her ear.

She's speaking to someone.

"Rumi, I respect you a lot as the demigod's sister, I respect you cos your spells are strong, but you're starting to make me think you're unworthy of that respect. What was that letter? You're going to stop working with me and unveil the mark cover anytime you want? I paid you!!" Liza shouted.

"Maybe if you pay more?" Rumi replied from the other end.

"I've been paying you for close to 23 years now, and I'm saying no. I won't give you more money for your drugs addiction you junkie! You do not mess with me!" Liza threatened.

"Should I ring it that you're her mother then? Kade hates her, so the moment it gets out that she's his half-sister, he'd hate you more than you can handle. Should I shake the tables and raise the stakes?" Rumi laughed.

"Why are you doing this? The Feast is almost here so why are you hell-bent on ruining my plans." Liza huffed.

"Lumi park tomorrow, 10pm. Bring me another bag of cash to renew the zip on my mouth, or else I'll find a way to make Shayla go back in time to lift the mark cover!" Rumi threatened and hung up.

"Rumi? Rumi!" Liza threw the phone away, stomping frustratingly.

"I'm going to kill her, I'm going to kill her...I'm going to... really kill Rumi."

Faye slithered back down the wall, crawling out to where she scaled out at. She changed back to human form and dressed back up, smiling as she rushed down the silent road.

--

[West Palace]

"Finally, the fake FrostOrb is done." Winona said as she joined the others at the lobby.

She's holding the fake orb wrapped in a clothe, and she placed it in the center table, removing her glasses from her eyes.

"That was faster than I thought" Kasia stood, joining her.

"Told ya, it'd only take a while." Winona shrugged.

"Let's take a look at it then" Astor joined them, and Winona removed the cover clothe from the orb.

The blue shine from it nearly blinded them. They all had to web their eyes with their fingers.

The shine went beyond the lobby, going up the towers and bursting out of the windows.

It's too bright.

"I should reward you for this, definitely. This is huge." Kasia said, satisfied.

"I know, right? I did a good job. At least I'm functioning for this family." Winona cracked her neck and fingers.

"Now that the orb is done, what next? Lifting the midnight curse?" Astor said, looking as impressed as Kasia.

"How do we receive forgiveness for what our ancestors did? I don't follow." Winona said.

"Simple, we find the grave of the snake woman and offer rituals to appease her soul and lessen her resentment." Astor said.

"Fine, how do we find her grave?" Winona said.

"Leave that to me, I'll take care of it tomorrow." Kasia sat back.

"Are you guys seeing what I'm seeing? The eccentric granny is back to the East Palace as the new Matriarch." Blaise announced, rushing downstairs with his phone and a cup of orange juice.

"You mean Granny Tara, Grand Supreme's mother?" Winona said.

"Exactly, and according to lumi web, she's already displaying her psychopathia." Blaise chuckled.

"Heard she doesn't like Azura, so Azura must be going through a lot right now." Kasia grinned.

"That apart, where is Faye?" Astor asked, and Blaise frowned.

"She's not here? She left me upstairs since...an hour ago?" 

"An hour ago?" Astor and Kasia chorused with wide eyes.

"She's somewhere causing trouble again, that's it." Winona nodded.

"You mean gathering information?" Faye replied, coming inside with wild bounces on her sneakers.

She took Blaise's juice cup and downed it all at once.

"Where did you go?" Astor asked.

"I suspected Kade was keeping a secret, so I slithered into his house to figure out what it's about. I found out the secret, but I also found out another secret! Y'all have to start worshiping me in this family, I'm your good luck." Faye winked.

"Make it clear" Blaise replied.

"So apparently, Liza is Shayla's mother." Faye started.

"Liza the fashion diva? Kade's mother?" Winona blinked.

"Of course,who else?" Faye shrugged.

"What!" Blaise and Astor gasped together.

"Also, Shayla's mark isn't coming out yet because it's covered by someone called Rumi, and to lift the cover, Shayla has to—"

A gunshot sliced through the air, interrupting the peace and quiet.

The bullet came directly for Faye, and she quickly jumped out of the way, landing on the nearest couch where the second gunshot sounded at.

Faye tumbled, escaping that one too, and when she landed back on her feet, she landed beside Blaise who immediately covered her.

All mouths are wide, especially the parents and Winona.

Faye was panting, and at the same time, they all looked up at the railings where the shooter stood like the devil's vice.

Rumi.

She leaned her elbows on the railings, staring down at everyone with a sick smile on her face which looks exactly like Xena's.

Except that her own hair is bright blonde.

A cartridge gun sat in her right hand, and her manicured fingernails are tapping the trigger carelessly.

The smell of gunpowder is still in the air, thickly.

"I missed two times...I must admit you're fast, Faye." She said, voice velvety and high.

"I put spells around the house of my clients, so I get alerted anytime there's a gecko glitch. You really didn't think you'd open the secret I've been keeping for years, did you?" She grinned, raising her legs to climb the sharp edge of the railings.

She stood there with her heels.

"X..ena?" Blaise muttered.

"Nice try, it's Rumi." Rumi winked.

--

[A Flower Island]

Shayla didn't expect anything less from the god of ice and treasures, but at the same time, she didn't expect something this splendour.

The moment she opened her eyes earlier and came down from the bike with Ryker, she was shocked to see their location changed completely.

They're in a flower island which she hasn't heard about before, and there are every flower you could think of, covering the grounds, slopes and valleys. Also, there's a flowing river beneath the island, surface clustered with flower varieties like the main island itself.

There are snacks, fruits and there are playthings too, a fake gun and a real arrow, cartridges.

"Wow! This is beautiful!" She gushed, skipping her legs down the island in a small dance.

She nearly stumbled into Ryker's legs, so he had to stop and let her do her silly dance away.

Her hair was jumping with her as she leapt, and she finally fell when her boot git stuck in one of the flower stems.

"Shayla!" Ryker went down to pick her up, and she smiled brightly at him.

"I'm just too thrilled to see this, what's the name of this place?" She asked, rubbing his fingers.

"No name yet, I created it when you were asleep in the afternoon." He replied, and she looked back at the island with a blink.

"Really? No name yet? Can I name it then?"

"As you wish" he walked to the table to sit on it, and she immediately stood between his legs.

"Pink Island?" She suggested.

"Childish." He replied.

"But pink flowers are so many here...is pink your favorite color?" She asked, hanging her arms on his neck slowly.

"I don't have a favorite color, but pink is yours." He replied, looking up at her with a smile.

"Gosh...I love when you smile." She touched his dimples fondly, and that made him laugh.

"When you laugh too." She added, and he held her waist.

"Do you love flowers?" She asked.

"I prefer roses, but you love flowers." He replied.

"How did you know?" She blinked.

"Should there be a how?" He moved his head, and she took her bottom lip in, blinking.

"Cute" he touched her nose before picking the fake gun from the table.

He threw it to her, and she caught.

"It's heavy!" She gasped.

"Of course, death is heavy." He replied, getting behind her to raise the gun with her.

Together, their fingers slid under the trigger, and he dragged it with her.

Instead of bullet, fireworks exploded from the barrel, cracking in a loop across across the moonlit sky.

"Not a gun? Whoa..." Her mouth and eyes widened in awe as she beheld the supernova beauty.

"Of course it's not, you'd probably faint here of it was a gun." He replied.

"Gun is scary, of course I'd be scared" she stated.

"Scared of guns when you have a FireStone burning inside you? Peak." He said, placing his chin on her hair and inhaling the scent of her shampoo as they watched the still cracking fireworks together.

Occasionally, he peeked at her happy face, the sight making him calm.

"Will I become ruthless like you when I get my mark?" She suddenly said, not pulling her eyes away from the skies.

"You don't want to?" He fingered her hair gently.

"I want to remain a soft girl forever and only bite back when necessary. I just want softness only." She replied sincerely.

"We'll see about that when the mark appears soon." He set his hand on her tummy, pressing the skin.

Shayla picked a strawberry from the table, taking a huge bite then offering him to take a bite too.

"Not interested." He frowned, slightly pushing it away.

"Oh...sorry." She said.

Her expression fell flat, but she tried to hide it which failed.

She was about to lower her hand when he took it suddenly, and she gasped out.

He brought her hand, to his mouth to take a small bite from the strawberry.

"Happy now?" He asked, chewing slowly.

Shayla smiled with two fast nods, watching him chew with intrigue.

The breeze turned colder, suddenly feeling like it's going to rain, but it's not rain. The weather is probably respecting Ryker's cold aura.

Shayla moved to the other side of the table, check-in out the rest of the food with glee.

"Hmm! Osmanthus candy!" She picked it up, unwrapping one into her mouth.

She picked the small plate of cake and sniffed it close to her nose, her expression funny as she looked at Ryker across the table.

Ryker's smile was small as she took a huge bite from the cake, eating...

"Delicious..." She shook her head slowly, closing her eyes to savor.

She dropped the plate and came to him, jumping on him suddenly.

Ryker quickly held her laps, keeping her safe as her face rested on his neck where she chewed the rest of her cake.

"You smell so good, it's addictive. Can't even name the scent but I like it." She said, sniffing his neck.

"You're a simp." He chuckled smugly, placing her butt on the table.

"What's a simp?" She asked.

"Won't tell" he said.

"I see it through your eyes, it's something bad." She replied.

"And?" He inched closer.

"I...." She smiled. "I don't know." 

She was only able to say that much before he pressed his lips tightly on hers, devouring her face.

She has no idea why her chest kept slamming, but she held his face, her thumb rubbing his ears, and his hand flattened at the back of her head.

The kissed him back with sweet softness, their pointed noses rubbing which she has come to like a lot.

Suddenly, something foreign surged inside Ryker, shaking him.

His eyes opened, and his lips separated from hers.

TBC
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 49,50&51.

Take it as a gift, but another mess up on the engagements means I'll be taking two days off from here, trust me I'm too fuckin stressed.

Reply Every Comment, Write Urs, Like and Share Massively. Make 'em complete before 7pm.

#Unedited 

★

The absence of Ryker's lips made Shayla's lashes separate, her eyes opened, catching his own.

He looks the same, but there's a small tilt below his right brow.

"Moy Vladika, are you ok?" She asked the first question that came to mind.

He kept looking at her as if there's something hanging on her face.

The moonlight shattered between them, brightening the island more, but she has no business with that beauty right now.

Something isn't right.

"Huh? Are you...ok?" She asked again, lifting her palm to his forehead to touch gently.

"But your temperature isn't too cold" she muttered confusedly.

Ryker took her hand away, sitting back on the chair. He gave her smallest finger a slow caress before letting it go.

"Explore, it's all yours." He said point blank.

Shayla did her slow blink. "But you suddenly broke the...kiss." she drawled carefully.

"What? You wanna continue?" He leaned in sharply with that smug expression again.

Shayla stepped away before he could reach her. A cute chuckle filled her lips as her steps fell afar.

"No. I'm just worried, you seemed to be zoning out." she said, subtly biting the inside of her mouth.

The NO was a lie. 

None of their kisses has lasted as long as she wanted, and that hurts.

Maybe she's the greedy addicted one, or maybe he's the one not giving enough, but all she knows is that once his lips separates from hers, she'd be wanting more, and more.

Ryker lowered his hand, taking a cup of alcohol from the table, but he poured it away without drinking.

No idea why, but the smell of food and drinks just have a way of irritating him, but he ate the salad from her the other time, and he took a bite from her strawberry earlier without getting that irritation.

She's really effortlessly making him do these things.

A smirk formed on his lips, and his mind zoned to what happened some minutes ago. 

The foreign surge inside him. 

Last time he felt this surge was 200 years ago, he got so weak without a reason, and he had to go into seclusion for a year. 

The surge is like a premonition of bad things, meaning he has to heighten his carefulness.

He looked ahead, and he squinted a bit when he saw Shayla inside the island river already.

The water reached her knees, not very deep.

She's looking at the river with the stare of an huntress, and he sighted what she's hunting for—a octopus.

She has been chasing it around the water for minutes now, but her warmth is driving the sea animal away from her.

She went down to catch it again, and Ryker secretly stretched two fingers forward, freezing the octopus.

Shayla was finally able to catch, and the smile that rubbed on her face afterwards was priceless.

She looked up, raising the animal as she walked out of the water.

Her boots are completely wet with the water, even the down parts of her jean pants. They're all dripping as she came back to him with a little run.

"Look, I got it." She said, breathing heavily and dangling it.

"Messy, are you gonna eat that?" He frowned.

"No! It's just fun catching it. When I was young, I had no friends or playmates, and I've always wanted to go on play outings to the park, but all I got was beatings and ill-treatment from Ma, so don't be mad at me if I get messy sometimes. I guess my inner child is still breathing." She said, face going down.

"Who said you could go sad?" Ryker talked.

She looked up quickly. "You're really not angry about it?"

"You're cute when you play childish." He replied seriously, and she smiled wide with a huge blush to crown it.

"What are you going to do with that?" He asked, looking at the octopus. "Kill it?" He lifted his hand.

"No! Everything isn't about killing please! I'll return it to the water!" She quickly rushed two steps back to the shallow water.

She threw the octopus back inside, and as she rushed back, Ryker waved his arm.

Their chic outfits changed to robes. Black and pink respectively. On the waist of Shayla's robe, there's a tiny scent bag hanging there.

"Whoa! The more I know you, the cooler you turn out to be, Boss." Shayla said, jumping a bit so her robe flowed with the air.

"Don't call me that, or I'll really kill you." He deadpanned, walking ahead of her.

Shayla was skipping her legs behind him till she got in front of him.

She faced him, walking backwards.

"Why can't I call you that, Boss?" She intentionally asked with a warm teasing smile.

He didn't reply, so she stopped walking, till he walked past her.

"Boss, you really don't like the name? Huh?" She went after him again, holding the tip of his robe with that tip of her fingers.

Ryker smiled secretly, but Shayla saw it, and she chuckled, staring at him with with eyes full of admiration.

Suddenly, Ryker stopped, facing her.

She let go of his robe tip.

"Get a different name." He said.

"Boss?" She replied.

"I'll seriously kill you" he glared, his deep voice tickling her ears.

"Moy Vladika?" She said, getting serious too.

"No. You have three days to form one, your highness." He replied, taking her hand and pulling her over the bridge.

"Three...days? That's too small." She complained.

"I don't care." He replied, caging her to the bridge rails suddenly. Their lips almost touched.

Her breaths hitched, and she expected something steamy again, but Ryker just teleported with her.

--

[West Palace, 11PM]

Everyone is sitting down.

Kasia and Astor on a couch.

Winona on a single couch.

Faye and Blaise on another couch.

Rumi is sitting on a stool in the middle of everyone of them, and there's a permanent smile on her face.

Her gun is still in her right hand.

On the left hand, she's eating a gumbo soup which she scooped from their kitchen.

"You better decide who's gonna die first, cos if I finish this soup without any decision from y'all, I'll kill everyone using the same bullet. It'll go from one body to another." She said, bringing another spoon of the soup to her mouth.

Faye is exchanging signals with Astor, using her eyes.

Blaise is communicating with Winona and Kasia too with his body.

"And if you think this is an ordinary cartridge gun, then you're wrong." Rumi continued, raising the gun.

Her badass smile spread to her eyes as she stared at the gun like her priceless treasure.

"I cast a spell on the bullet, one can kill at least seven people at once. It doesn't matter if you're Eternals or not, it'd cut your lives short." She stood, dropping the soup plate.

She faced Faye, stretching the gun to aim at her.

"You shouldn't have gone to my client's house, Faye.

"Shoot me, if you dare!" Faye spranged up suddenly.

Rumi didn't waste time after hearing those daring words.

She fired.

The echoing sound of gunshot blasted through the silent air, causing everyone else to stand up.

"Faye!!" They shouted collectively, horror and terror accumulating.

Faye fell on the couch, her shot chest bleeding to the ground, but she made no sound, just there like a dead weight.

"I've lived for hundreds of years, and for those years, I wrecked havoc everywhere I went. They know my history in every non-human city I visited. Eclypseria, Solaria, Vekkar, Kelara! just name it! I kill families and murder friends to shred attachments, and you...a mere snake... you wanna act as a stunt in my way? You're way too full of yourself." Rumi scoffed.

But her expression experienced a breach when Faye suddenly stood from the couch like she wasn't the one who just got shot.

She brought her palm to her mouth, vomiting the bullet on it.

Rumi's eyes snapped.

"A mere snake?" Faye smiled too, psychotic and dark. "That's where you're mistaken, bîtch. I'm a white viper, and your spelled bullet is a poison I can easily neutralize. I've been eating poison since long ago, so you're the one who should be scared, cos I show no mercy to your kind!" 

"Thank you Faye!" Blaise hailed from the other end of the room.

Just one second, Faye transformed, her snake form nearly took over every part of the living room.

Winona disappeared into the wall.

Blaise's red hair shone in waves.

Kasia and Astor stood side by side, and they successfully trapped Rumi in the middle.

Unluckily for her, the gun only has one bullet, so it's useless now.

She grabbed their mop stick from the ground, bringing it to her knees to break away the woolen part.

She kept the stick, defending herself with it from the whole family, but she's no match.

Winona bursted out of the wall behind her, giving her a hit at the back of the neck which sent her flying to Blaise.

Blaise's hair strands messed with her eyes, but she was able to smack Blaise with her stick twice before she went down flat.

From there, Kasia and Astor mind-lifted the center table, bringing it down on her body. 

The table shattered to bits on her body, sending glasses across the lobby. Rumi's blood flooded the middle, and now it's Faye's turn.

She crawled aggressively to that middle, wrapping her tail on Rumi's body. She threw her off that angle, and Rumi's body travelled to the railings where she hung like a rag.

She spit hot blood to the ground, and she jumped down the bloody railings with heavily bruised body.

From there, she went out of the top window, bursting out of it. She left with the breeze.

Faye transformed back, and Blaise quickly took off his jacket to cover her naked body with, but Winona stopped him.

"Close your darn eyes, pervert." She rolled eyes, snatching the jacket from him to go cover Faye with.

"But I covered her in Eclypseria, nothing I haven't seen." Blaise muttered.

"That was a great warmup." Kasia smiled at Astor.

"I know, right?" He chuckled.

"All thanks to Faye" Winona said.

"Of course" Blaise nodded.

"To get her mark back, she has to travel back to the past, into her own memory." Faye said calmly.

"I'll text Ryker. He rarely checks texts, so let's hope he sees this." Kasia said, getting her phone.

--

Rumi was staggering as she walked the last street that leads to the city. Her arms are on the wall, dragging with her heels on the ground.

Her blood was drawing on the wall, and she's still vomiting blood.

The wounds on her body still bleeding.

She entered a alchemist shop, and the alchemist stood shockingly at her sight, wondering where she got thrashed so much.

"Painkiller herb" she ordered, leaning on the counter.

She held her bleeding rib.

The man gave her a strange look before taking out a small bottle which he handed to her.

Rumi drank it all at a go, wiping her lips with her palm.

"That'd be two thousand nyx." The alchemist said.

Unfortunately, those were his last words.

Rumi stabbed his neck with the rim of the bottle, and she exhaled as his bloody body dropped at her feet.

She got a whole pack of the painkiller herb before stumbling out of the shop.

Her pains lessened already by now, and she can walk without holding walls, but her mouth still tastes metallic with blood.

Cracking her neck, she pulled out a small phone and dialled a line.

"The secret got out, and knowing how desperate Ryker is, he'd want to make her travel back in time into her memories to get the mark back, and that's where I'll wait at. I'll kill her inside her memories." She said.

"How exactly did the secret get out?" A low voice asked from the other end

"Faye, the stupid snake from West Palace. She's stronger than I think, can't believe my spelled bullet failed on that bîtch." Rumi stood upright.

"Get me everything you can find about her origin. If I'm gonna kill her, I'll have to rummage through her background first." 

She hung up and poured another bottle of the herb down her throat, then she dipped her hand into the back pocket of her trousers.

She pulled out a small picture of Soren, staring at it as she walked into a dark boulevard.

--

[Next Morning, King Mansion]

Liza started her day with money packaging.

She was sweating as she threw the wads of cash into a tall black bag inside her workroom.

She has vowed to never give Rumi even a stipend anymore, but she can't let her ruin her plan now that the Feast is close. 

She can't risk it.

She threw the last bundle into the bag and was about to zip it up when she saw Kade standing by the door, staring at her with spite.

Had she forgotten to shut the door?

"Kade... you're ready for school?" She ineptly said, smiling.

"The more I see you, the more I wish you weren't my mother. Why did you have to give birth to Shayla too? Why!!!" He yelled.

"Kade—"

"I'll go in search of additional powers wherever it is. I only have to wait for the right time and opportunity, and find a way to create a rift between her and the demigod." He threatened and left the room, shutting the door with a loud slam.

Liza ignored his rants and zipped up the money bag. She got her phone and dialled Rumi.

"Money is ready, let's meet at the park as planned. I have all you need to keep your mouth shut!" 

"Deal's off, the secret is open." Rumi replied bluntly.

"What are you talking about!" Liza demanded.

"Faye from the West was at your mansion last night. She's a slithering viper snake, and she heard our conversation." Rumi explained.

"What!!" Liza sat on the bag, tension taking over her body. "Now what? What's next?"

"I'll wait inside the memories for Shayla, and I'll kill her." Rumi replied.

"Rumi!" Liza stood immediately.

"What? Shocked? My brother Ryker deserves to spend his long life in freezing cold. When I helped you put the spell on her, I had no intention of ever removing it, so it is what it is. I always have a plan A, B, C for my shit, even plan D and E. I'm always prepared, and I'll end everything myself." Rumi sighed and hung up.

"Darnnn" Liza growled, running out of the room.

--

[Vega Mansion]

"Miss, your congee is ready. I added meatballs like you wanted." The only maid in the mansion said as Mercury came out of her room.

Mercury ignored the old woman.

She just walked to the dinning, had her seat and started eating.

"Baby, you're ready?" Esme stepped downstairs, looking beautiful in her fitting skirt and feathery fur blouse.

"The Feast ballet practice gets harder today, so I have to be in school in time to balance my bowels." Mercury gave her a peer.

"Proud of you, you're as hardworking as your mother." Esme smiled, settling beside her.

"Tell me Shayla and Xena aren't really gonna be at the center." Mercury said, her fake lashes battling in the middle of the dark mascara.

"What center? Trust me it's just a matter of time, wait till the feast." Esme scoffed. "And how was the meal I helped you with? You didn't tell me if it was good or not."

"Sadie poured it away, she didn't let Soren eat it." Mercury explained.

"I don't understand." Esme gave her a quick stare.

"It was for Soren." Mercury admitted.

"Why would you cook for Soren?" Esme frowned.

"Cos I love him, isn't it obvious? Don't be slow." Mercury dropped her spoon, taking her jacket and bag from the maid.

"I'll go first" she smiled at Esme and left the house.

Esme blinked thrice, trying to get it all together.

This isn't happening. At all.

"No. It's just infatuation. She's going to get over him." She told herself.

Her phone hummed, and she was already smiling before picking it up, knowing it's definitely Zeke.

Sweetheart: Mother wants dinner with you tonight. Pick the menu, and mother will pick the time.

Esme typed a reply immediately.

--

[East Palace, Back Field]

A power training has been ongoing since daybreak.

Everyone obeyed the call of Granny Tara including Zeke.

The only people who aren't here is Azura and Granny Jojo.

Soren seems to be focused again, and that made Sadie so happy.

They're still winning against Jude, but Jude's energy level has increased so much that he's nearly on par.

Jude's nature is insanely strong, and that's why glasses break when he holds them too tight.

Seems he has been practicing in secret, cos his improvement is shocking.

Lilith is by one side of the field, drilling a hole on the ground with her scream.

The hole is already wide, she's currently working the depth.

"Careful with the ground, it might just swallow you." Pearl walked past.

"Now stop talking like you know so much about grounds." Lilith replied.

"Of course I know nothing about grounds, you're closer to it than me." Pearl replied scornfully, and Lilith gritted her teeth, unable to do anything since she's at the base of the hierarchy chain here anyways.

"I should be killing you for putting your mark on me, but nah... you're still somehow useful for the family, so I'll let you go. Newsflash for you, I'm getting married to him secretly tomorrow." Pearl said.

Lilith's eyes widened "What!"

"Yeah, feel free to wail about it. Y'all don't know what I am,, but I'm a patient person. I'll patiently wait for y'all to figure out my big role." Pearl grinned, but her grin wasn't permanent.

It wiped off in a whim, and she gave Lilith a heavy strike. Lilith rolled into the pit she had dug.

Granny Tara bursted into a impressed laughter up the field.

She's standing there with Zeke who's also grinning.

"This is the great child your wife nearly killed?" Tara scoffed. 

Pearl was laughing beside the pit too, resting her palms on her knees.

Jude suddenly knocked off the twins, they both landed with a loud thud to the dry field.

Sadie's ankle sprained.

That's the first time Jude actually brought them down.

"The hell?" Zeke faced them.

"Soren has a sting on his wrist from Granny's snake bite! The venom is slowing him down and if he slows, it affects me too!" Sadie complained.

"You got bitten by my snake? And you didn't tell?" Tara went closer, appalled. "Kiss the snake, it'd suck the venom out of you, else you'd get drained completely."

"I'd rather die" Soren rolled eyes and waltzed out of the field.

Sadie looked at Jude before running after Soren.

"You did well, big brother." Pearl pat Jude, leaving with him too.

Lilith crawled out of the pit with her hands and knees.

She has so many scratches and cuts. She threw off her socks and left the field angrily too.

"Soren is now very different, madly so." Tara said.

"Not really, he has always been a little bit empathic. I mean ... He's the same person who cried when his pet rabbit died when he was 8, but Sadie already killed that empathic side of him, dunno why it's arising again." Zeke sighed.

"Keep an eye on the Old Chef's daughter, I'm telling you." Tara insisted.

"Morning here..." Granny Jojo's voice broke into their discussion.

Mother and son turned to see Jojo coming with Azura, side by side.

"Oh...it's the mirror watch." Tara said, clearly ridiculing Jojo.

"Oh...it's the wife of the snake." Jojo replied, using the same tone.

"I see you're finally awake from coma." Tara said as Jojo halted in front of her.

"And I see you're finally awake in the brain after it slept for donkey centuries." Jojo replied savagely.

Tara attempted to pull out her snake for a bite, but it's unavailable, so she just kept glaring at Jojo.

Jojo glared back.

"Is this really necessary?" Zeke faced Azura.

"Your mother can't be the only Matriarch here, sweetheart. You want power struggle? I'm giving you just that." Azura faced him too.

Zeke snickered.

--

[Heartless Tower]

Shayla is all ready for the ballet school, even Xena is here, ready too.

They had eaten the pancakes made by Cheyenne together,but now that it's time to leave, she's finding it really hard cos she hasn't seen Ryker this morning at all.

Last she saw him was last night when they left Pink Island together and he dropped her in her bedroom to sleep.

She kept looking at the blue hallway for any sign of him when she was eating at the balcony, but he didn't show up till she was done with Xena.

Sage said he's in his Phoria, and whenever he's in there, he hates being disturbed, so she really can't see him before going to school.

There are places she still can't enter in this tower, he still limits her accesses, and she understands...

He's not used to her intrusion yet.

Cheyenne took her and Xena to the garage, and she looked at the direction of his Phoria again before getting in the car.

Cheyenne drove them out.

Meanwhile, in the Phoria, Ryker sat in the middle of a fogged water which has sweet-smelling roses scattered around it.

This water is different from the one in his Groove.

This one is for subtle relaxation, he only uses the Groove when things get intense with his ice.

He wore a white bathrobe, but his chest is completely bare, and his eyes her closed as the treated fog simmered into his white skin.

He revealed his right hand after a while. Shayla's earring sat on it. He tilted his head as he rubbed the gold with his fingers.

It fell from her ear again when they teleported last night, and he just kept it. She's clumsy without even realizing, and it's entertaining.

He revealed his second hand.

On that one, he's holding the neck of a snake—Granny Tara's snake.

"Took you long enough to come say hi after entering this palace." He said.

The snake stretched out it's tongue to sting, but Ryker froze it's neck, so it stopped moving.

He threw the serpent on a low white rock not far from the fog.

"Idiot." He muttered.

The visitor alert sounded by the Phoria door, and Ryker left the warm water, fog oozing out of him as he walked barefoot on the ice ground till he got to the door which opened without him touching it.

Sage came to view.

"Your phone, it kept buzzing in the bedroom." He offered.

"From the human world?" Ryker asked, face flat.

"No. From the West Palace, it's about the goddess." Sage replied.

Ryker took the phone, and the moment he opened the message, he looked up.

"Her her back... from school." He ordered, and Sage left to do that.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School, Elite Practice Hall]

Music rolled in from the blinking multicolored walls, heat wafted in the room from the wild energy of ballerinas, tunes curling with their smooth moves.

The hall breathed with life, thumped with ambitions, feels like a universe on it's own.

Xena and and Shayla are at the center 

Soren isn't far from Xena at the left, and they're going to make some moves together.

By the left, there's a new girl beside Shayla too.

At the near back, there's Mercury and Sadie who look murderous, they did the dance with spite.

They both hate the sight of Soren near Xena, and at the same time, the sight of Shayla in the exact middle.

Shayla and Xena might be the center, but Shayla has more spotlight, it's a obvious fact.

She's making her moves too easily. She dances with her heart and mind, her body just interpretes beautifully.

And she's wishing Ryker was here, maybe she'd do better than this? She really wants those frosty blue eyes to be watching her right now, but he's probably still in his Phoria.

Xena and Soren's body touched again, and their eyes met as their moves synchronized.

She clearly saw the small swell mark on his wrist as a result of the snake bite, she wondered if he's ok.

He's not looking at her at all. He's too focused on his dance to care.

Esme and she rest of the teachers and co-judges are in front of the room.

They might not say it, but their eyes are full of admiration for Shayla in the center.

Even Esme can't deny it.

Her flexibility is peak. 

Her body is too soft that it looked like it'd break whenever she moved her legs up.

The first dance practice session ended at 10, and immediately Esme dismissed them, Pearl entered the hall, causing whisperings from the resting dancers.

"The former blind one?"

"Don't tell me she'd be here too"

"I've heard about her, she's cunning!"

"But she's pretty!"

"Pearl Millions here. Let's get along!" She waved at the ballerinas.

Sadie and Soren left like they don't even know her.

Mercury followed, and she's still looking shocked as she walked past Pearl.

Shayla and Xena were making their exit too when Pearl blocked them.

"Move!" Xena glared.

"I have nothing to say to you, move out of the way." Shayla said.

"But I have something to say to you," Pearl chuckled, leaning closer to her ear to whisper...

"Do you know this is actually my second life? I only reincarnated this time. When I got my sight back at Mount Zhitomir, I got memories of my first life back, and guess who was my dear husband in my first life?" 

Shayla went rigid.

"Yes. It's exactly who you're thinking, that irresistible god."  Pearl whispered again.

"Goddess!" Sage entered the hall.

"Sage?" Shayla moved.

"I am to take you back home" Sage said.

"Huh? Why?" Shayla asked.

"It's about your mark. Come, no time." Sage replied.

Shayla followed immediately, Pearl's words heavy on her mind.

When she got to the door, she looked back at Pearl, and Pearl winked cunningly at her.

She left with Sage eventually.

Cheyenne appeared beside Xena. "I'll be your guard then." 

"About last night, I just don't want to leave father—"

"I'm not talking to you, Miss Xena. I'll only guard you." Cheyenne cut her off, and Xena nodded.

They left the hall.

--

[East Palace, Heartless Tower]

Seeing Ryker after missing him all morning should be blissful, but Shayla couldn't even thinking about anything except Pearl's words.

She's inside her room, laying in her bed presently.

Sage and Ryker are inside with her, and they're saying things about how they're going to send her back to the past to get her mark back, but she's just following with her head, not her mind. Her mind is somewhere else.

"You're going to follow her into your memories? No, My Lord. I'm never allowing that. You both haven't bonded, so you going into her memories with her will wound you and send you to sleep for years, you'll have to go into seclusion and it's dangerous. You might even get lost in there." Sage said, and that snapped her out of her thoughts.

"That's really going to happen?" She sat up.

"Yes, goddess. I believe in you, I trust you're not weak. You can do this alone so he really can't follow you when you both haven't bonded." Sage explained.

"There'll be villains of the past, she can't do it alone." Ryker insisted.

"I'll do it alone." Shayla replied, and he faced her, eyes meeting.

"Trust me, I'll try my best." She assured, reaching for his robe to hold gently.

"Your best isn't enough...give it your all, and get it." Ryker deadpanned, sounding like a threat.

"Yes, I will." She replied, laying back on the bed.

"You're going back to the day your mother saw your mark. What were you doing?" He asked.

"I was bathing in the rain" she replied.

"You'll stop yourself from entering the rain that day." Ryker said, and she nodded.

"Yes" she quickly corrected.

"I was four years old, and it was a week before I turned 5" Shayla said, shutting her eyes.

Ryker placed two fingers on her forehead, waiting for a second before a blue beam flashed.

Her soul followed the beam, travelling with the blue light into her memories.

             {Shayla's Memories}

Shayla landed back in the living room at Liza's mansion.

The weather is already blackening outside. Clouds are already gathering, meaning it's going to rain soon.

The rain will soon fall.

Shayla pulled her eyes away from the open window, and her younger version ran out of the storeroom.

Her 4 year old self, wearing that faded singlet and black knickers.

She looked so eager to bath in the rain already, and she began praying for the rain to fall.

"There are marks on my back from Ma's beatings. Maybe the rainwater can calm it down a bit." She stood by the window, watching the clouds, impatient for the downpour.

Shayla climbed the couch with her quickly.

"You can't bath in the rain. You shouldn't take off your clothes." She whispered.

Little Shayla turned around, wondering where the voice is coming from.

She's not seeing Shayla.

"Who was that?" She mumbled.

"It's me. I'm from the future. You can't bath in the rain, else your Ma will sight your mark and cover it." Shayla whispered again.

"Who are you?" Little Shayla replied, jumping down from the couch and looking around.

"You can't see me, but I see you" Shayla replied, wanting to touch her, but she can't.

"She's a bloody lair, you should bath in the rain. Don't you love it?" Another voice popped out.
 
Shayla was utterly shocked to see Rumi entering the house. She recognized her with her blonde curls 

"Rumi?" She muttered in disbelief.

"Welcome to your death, demigoddess of fire." Rumi smiled eerily.

"Who are you both? Why am I not seeing anyone?" Little Shayla turned around again on a spot, her confusion running deeper.

"You have to go bath in the rain, now!!" Rumi pushed her.

"Stop it! What exactly are you after!" Shayla got in Rumi's way.

"I'll still kill you, don't rush and get out of my way!" Rumi pushed Shayla out of her way.

Shayla fell on the sofa, and Rumi faced little Shayla again.

She tore off her knickers.

"What...why are you tearing my clothes!" Little Shayla stumbled, looking scared.

"Tear off your singlet too and enter the rain, or I kill you!" Rumi threatened.

Little Shayla swallowed.

"Don't!! You can't go inside!!" Shayla yelled, picking two glass cups from the table.

She threw them at Rumi, but Rumi easily waved them away.

Little Shayla is already taking off her singlet by now, and that was when Shayla got it.

Rumi put her under a spell.

"No!!" Shayla rushed forward, but Rumi dragged her back, falling on the sofa with her.

Shayla picked one of the broken pieces of the cup, shoving it into Rumi's eyes.

Crap. It didn't even enter.

"We're inside your memory, Shayla. You're the only one who can get brutally hurt you fool!" Rumi laughed, flipping her away.

Shayla rolled off, and before she could stand, Rumi already kicked her in the face, slapping her three times one after the other.

Shayla's lips bled, but still...she stood.

By now, little Shayla is already stepping outside, about to enter the rain.

"Mini me!!" Shayla yelled, flipping the door open to go out.

Rumi pulled her back again, slamming her head on the wall.

Shayla bled all-over the face, tasing it in her mouth too.

Her eyes burned with tears, and she slumped on the floor where Rumi held her down at.

"Mini me... please..." She struggled against Rumi's unyielding hold as she watched little Shayla entering the rain. At the same time, Liza appeared.

"Where's that rape product?" She muttered, opening the door to step outside too.

Shayla's eyes widened on the floor, going beyond their limits.

Rumi's smile widened, but just as Liza's hand touched the door to open, she remembered what she's cooking in the kitchen.

"My porridge!" She gasped, rushing back inside.

At the same time, the rain pouring outside got replaced by a ice shower.

Big ice chunks fell from the sky, sounding heavily on the roof.

"What's going on?" Rumi muttered confusedly.

Little Shayla rushed back inside, and that small body merged with Shayla's grown body.

The wounds on her face closed up, and the blood wiped off on it's own. Her body felt the blazing change.

It was so high that she collapsed, but before she could fall, another presence entered the memory.

Ryker's.

Her body fell into his right arm, and his deep blue eyes glared up at Rumi who's already walking backwards.

"Bastard!" Rumi cursed, opening the door to escape, but...

Shayla's gold-rimmed eyes opened at that same moment, her aura infusing with the air.

So hot. Mad hot.

Her hand went up angrily.

The burning millennial fire erupted, catching Rumi by the door.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 52,53&54.

ANOTHER TRIPLE CHAPTER, EVEN LONGER THAN YESTERDAY'S. DON'T MAKE ME REGRET.

If requirements are incomplete by 7pm tomorrow, forget about a chapter.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share.

#Unedited 

★

A golden hue from the fire hit the walls, and the subsequent destruction was so intense that it broke the walls, causing them to crash down. It brought down the living room completely, sending dust to the now open air, but Rumi's wound was minimal since they're still inside Shayla's memories anyways.

She was able to maneuver her way out. She dashed out of the memory through a thin door.

Shayla wanted to slump back afterwards, but shockingly, she swayed. There's no arm holding her anymore.

Ryker is gone, and she has no idea where or how. Wasn't he beside her just now?

"Your Lordship?" She whipped around, stepping on the broken bricks of the walls and glasses.

"Your Lordship!!" She yelled again, getting really really scared.

Was Sage really right? Did he get lost in her memories?

Or...did he fall into a deep sleep already?

She put her fire into use, but the moment she sent a flame to the open sky, it came back as a crash, ruining that memory completely.

Crap. 

She can't even control the fire yet. It's so destructive that it's giving her backlash too.

"Ryker?" She called his name, shifting helplessly on her sweaty feet as the memory kept crashing, pushing her out forcefully.

"Ry?" She shortened it, fighting against the destruction. It's like using poison to fight poison.

The more fire she used, the harder the destruction, till everything crashed completely, and she was thrown out of the memory.

--

[Luminaria, Rumi's House]

The small house sat on the downside of a hill, so it's covered, not easily found out just like Rumi wanted.

Inside the house, Rumi is on a camp bed in her small bedroom.

She looks deeply asleep, but there are scanty signs of burns on her skin—arms, legs, neck and back.

She jerked awake with a loud gasp, shooting up, her eyes flew open.

The burns started stinging immediately, and she lost her mind within that one minute.

She jumped down from the bed, rushing to a stool in the room corner where the painkiller pack from last night sat.

She was shaking as she unpacked it and began drinking the bottles one by one. She even poured some of the herb on the burns, but nothing is curing it. Nothing is working.

She entered the bathroom, opening cold water on herself, but it's all useless, again.

She ran out of the bathroom, falling by the door and rolling on the ground, crying out properly.

"Fuvkkk!!!!! Argh!!!!"

"Darn it I can't breathe!!!"

"I can't...geez!!!!"

She cried in successions, crawling back to the bed where she got her phone, dialling the number again.

"What now, Rumi?" The low voice hit the phone speakers.

"My soul entered her memories to kill her like I said, but Ryker interrupted. She merged with her younger self., so she got her mark. She used her fuckin fire on me! By the time I woke, my body has burns from her fire! I'm dying!" Rumi shouted.

"What!! Are you daft? Why would you let her fire even touch you? You don't know how dangerous that thing is? Her flame might even be more dangerous than Ryker's ice are you stupid?" The voice scolded.

"Remove the maybe, it's really more dangerous I said I'm dying here! And don't you dare blame me! I said Ryker appeared in her memories and ruined things!" Rumi yelled, going back to the bathroom to stand under the sprinkling shower.

It barely did anything, but it's better than the bedroom heat.

"Wait...it was in her memories, you weren't supposed to get hurt no matter what." The voice said in wonderment.

"This fire is gold. Not yellow, it's gold! I think she has started growing a kind of affection for Ryker, and that's why her fire is crazy like that." Rumi said.

"Oh..." The voice croaked.

"That's not the reply I hoped for, give me a solution to these burns on my skin! I can't seduce Soren with a skin like this, and there's no way I'm dying. I'm not dying without making Ryker pay for killing mother!" Rumi spat, venom oozing from her deliberate choice of words.

"I know nothing about the millennial fire burn remedy, for real." 

"What did you just say? Am I gonna suffer till death?" Rumi gasped, looking at her arm. "Oh my gawd the burn is spreading!" 

"Really? That's bad. I'm not sure about this, but...try applying his ice?" The voice suggested.

"His ice?" Rumi frowned, remembering that when they were in the memories, Ryker actually rained ice on the roof.

"Wait...ice fell at Liza's mansion when we were inside the past memory, is it possible that ice would still be there in the future?" She asked.

"Be fast, Rumi. Maybe you can still find a chunk of it, I can't lose you when things are just getting important." The voice dropped.

Rumi ended the call, running out of the house with madness.

The burns on her skin kept stinging mercilessly and spreading speedily.

They're starting to reach her face.

--

[Liza Kings Mansion]

Liza had plans to visit a beauty forum today, but she had to cancel all plans after what Rumi said in the morning.

Now she's making a new plan.

If Shayla gets her mark back for real, then she becomes powerful.

She becomes destructive, and Ryker's ice would be the only thing that can calm her.

Without him, she'd run wild.

And that's why Ryker has to disappear during the feast.

When that happens, she'd have time to enter Shayla and stand with her through difficult times.

She'd just gaslight her into thinking all the beatings she gave her back then was because she was training her for her difficult future.

After all, Shayla is a gullible naive thing who'd believe the sweetest words.

As she plans aligned in her head, she smiled at her one brilliance.

"A champagne should pop for this" she sighed, standing up.

But she fell back on her seat when she felt a straight pain in her head, like her brain is melting.

It was sharp, but painful and continuous.

"Ahhh!!!" She slipped from her couch to the ground, holding her head with her two hands.

"What the... heck!!!"

She bled from the nose before she knew it—black blood.

"What's happening to...no no...ackk!!!"

The door bursted open, and Rumi barged in, looking half burnt.

Liza's eyes widened, but she wasn't able to express her shock cos of the pains she's going through too.

Rumi ignored her wails, she focused on searching for any chunk of ice in the house.

She scouted that living room almost ten times, crossing over to the kitchen and study.

When she sensed nothing around, she climbed the roof using two metal ladders.

She was almost at the point of giving up on that roof when she sighted one small cube at a hidden corner of the roof sill.

She crawled there.

By now her life is hanging on a thin thread. She fell flat on her belly, stretched her arm forward to take it.

Death was already pulling at her remaining lifeline as she shoved the ice cube into her mouth.

She chewed and swallowed fast, laying low for calm minutes.

The burns on her body disappeared with the minutes, and by the time she stood, her body is back to smooth.

There are still some lingering redness though, but she's at peace with herself at least.

She went down the roof, and her heels clicked crisply with the marbles till she was inside.

Liza is still on the ground, writhing in pains and bleeding from the nose.

Rumi adjusted her tiny jacket, sitting on the backrest of the closest couch.

"Calm down, and listen." She said.

Liza managed to look up, calming herself with slow breaths. Her back hit the table behind her, and she rested there.

"Why are you here? Where did your burns go? What did you go up the roof to get?" She asked, growling.

"So many questions, but I'll be kind enough to answer the one you didn't ask. You should be asking why you're in pains and bleeding black blood" Rumi went closer to her, squatting.

"The past was changed. You never saw Shayla's mark in the past, so the memory of seeing her mark is going to wipe off your head. You better let the memory go, or you'll die with insane headache." 

"Why...why do I have to let go of the memory I've been treasuring all my life? Without Shayla, I can't get my powers back. Without her, I can't take over the palace. Without her, Kade will never go beyond his low power status. I can't lose memory of the mark!!" Liza grunted painfully.

"Eh... Liza you can't control this. Don't look at me like that...you really have no choice here. I'm gonna leave you to your own fate though, it was nice working with you." Rumi smiled, waving tauntingly at her before exiting the house.

Liza dragged her phone from the table, dialling Kade's line.

He didn't pick, so she texted him with trembling digits.

Liza: Kade, you have to come home now. I have to tell you some things before I lose memories of them. It involves you gaining more power, so take it serious.

She dropped the phone and held her head again, crying out loudly.

Her bloody nose got worse, and her head felt like the noise from the globe is entering.

Kade teleported from school, appearing in the middle of the living room. He sat without empathy for her in his eyes.

He even tabled his legs.

"Get a jotter, and write everything I have to say." Liza said.

"This better be as beneficial as you promised" he gave her a sour look before getting a jotter and pen.

--

[Heartless Tower, Shayla's Room]

Sage stood with Shayla in the room, hands clasped together as he watched her in bed.

It's been an hour since her soul travelled into her memories. Yet, she's not waking up.

Ryker himself even went inside her memories to get her despite his opposition, and he's not back too.

They both didn't perish in the memory of that rainy day, did they?

"No no no...I'm thinking too dark. His lordship isn't that defeatable, he'd get her out safely even if it'd cost half of his orb energy." Sage consoled himself, breathing out.

He sat on a chair beside the bed, rubbing his palms together.

"Please... please just... open your—"

Shayla's eyes opened, and his eyes widened. 

He spranged up. "Goddess!"

When he noticed her gold-rimmed eyes, his joy was boundless.

"Yes! Yes!! You got it!"

Shayla sat up, rolling her eyes around for any sight of the person she wants to see, but he's not here.

"Where's he? Where Ryker?" She faced Sage, and Sage's happiness disappeared immediately.

"He entered the memories with you. I tried to stop him, but you know his personality. He's stubborn." He mumbled.

"He really came, he saved me from Rumi, but the moment I got my fire back, he left me. Couldn't get him before the memory of that day got destroyed and I was thrown out." Shayla explained, looking shaken and impatient.

"He'll be out, it's been just an hour. Only an hour." Sage said.

"No. I said the memory was destroyed. What if it was destroyed with him? Huh? What if he fell asleep somewhere in there?" She shook her head in refutation.

"What exactly do you take him for? A chicken? I'm telling you to calm down, goddess. He'll be back soon" Sage replied.

"Don't tell me to do that!! Why is he not back by now? Huh?" She sniffled, sweat rolling down her face in rivulets.

"Goddess, your fire is messing with your head presently. You're getting angry unnecessarily, and you're raising your voice in case you dunno." Sage said gently.

Shayla's face went down, and another sniffle happened.

"Am I really raising my voice?" She muttered.

"Calm down, I beg you." Sage increased the airflow in the room to reduce her sweating.

"Are you sure he'll be back?" She asked him, voice back to the normal gentle.

"You know it, he'll be back, you're just anxious." Sage replied, sitting in front of her.

"Can't help it, I need him right now. The heat is killing me." She replied, fanning herself with her fingers.

Sage increased the airflow in the room again.

"Will you go shower in his spring pool? I'll run extra cold water for you." Sage offered.

"No. I'll wait till he's back for me." Shayla replied softly.

"Well then..." Sage smiled.

--

[Lumi Train Station]

Rumi has a handbag hanging on her shoulder as she came out of from the train. She brushed her curly hair back and pulled out her phone from the bag, dialling the line.

"I'm in the capital of Luminaria right now, gonna be meeting an eye alchemist for my eye treatment. The Blaise boy from the West Palace messed with my eyes yesterday too, everything's blurry." She spoke.

"The West Palace people really did a number on you yesterday." The voice laughed.

"I'll be back tomorrow, need to visit the ballet school and see Soren." Rumi said, standing under a shed.

"Why are you so inclined on the boy? Are you actually interested in him?" The voice asked.

"Why not? He's hot, and he's gonna turn out to be a powerful one in the near future. He's my plan B, and I'll start chasing him for now on. Oh... I'll have to straighten my hair and dye it black too. Get me Xena's wardrobe for copying." Rumi smiled.

"You have no money here, Rumi. But i'll loan you some, and you must pay back in due time." The voice said.

"Get me everything I need. I'll have to rob the ballerinas in school to pay you, especially Shayla herself. She literally walks around with gold hairpins and shoes, crystal, sapphire jewelries. Ryker is spoiling that bîtch, and I'm jealous." Rumi scoffed, sitting down under that tree on a bench.

"Fine, just be careful. And oh...I got information about the West Palace snake, I'll email you right now."

"Look into one more person for me...Pearl Millions. I'm curious about her status, she's a strangely powerful one." Rumi sighed.

"Sure, will do."

The call ended, and Rumi's phone buzzed with info about Faye's origin

"Ou... interesting. This is...hot. Faye, you're a smart, two-faced snake." she laughed as she read.

"Your eye alchemist is here..." A young guy came to get her.

She followed, her arse moving with her catwalks.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School]

The second practice session is about to start, and everyone is preparing to move back into the elite hall.

Faye and Blaise are trying to munch their wafers quickly before entering. They sat side-by-side behind the hall, eating like they're in some sorta competition.

"I haven't seen Kade around after the first session." Faye said.

"I saw him vanishing down the hall earlier. He probably went home for an emergency." Blaise shrugged.

Faye went silent.

"Are you really sure about what you said? That he's Shayla's... half-brother?" Blaise asked.

"You're so slow-witted it's painful to witness. Did I look like I was joking? I risked my life to get the info..." Faye rolled eyes.

"You have a sharp tongue" Blaise scoffed.

"Thanks for the compliment, let's just hope that demigod bends to our side this time." Faye sighed.

"Hope so too. Hey I know we're eating fast, but look at your lips. You're a girl, act like one." Blaise faced her with a tissue.

He wiped her wafer crumbs away from her lips.

Faye hiccuped, her body went still. She hiccupped again when he lowered the tissue.

"I've seen the extent of your powers, and I respect them, now let's try our best to get along, baby sis." He said.

"Blaise..." She gritted, and he laughed as he got up, getting away from her.

"I'm a year older, boo!" He laughed again, rushing into the elite hall.

"Wait for me, fuckwit!" Faye went after him, but Xena suddenly blocked her.

"Hey, What's up?" She screeched.

"I need your help" Xena replied.

--

[Diamond 3 Changing Room]

Soren isn't here 

It's just Sadie and Mercury, and the two have stayed salty to each other since Sadie poured Mercury's food away.

They didn't speak to each other as they wore their second ballet outfit for today.

This one is color black. 

The room stayed heavy with unsaid words till they were done.

Sadie was adjusting her hair when she felt a sudden sting in her head, and she held that part with a wince.

The sting came again immediately, and she whimpered.

Three faces appeared in her head.

Her own face, Soren's, and Mercury's.

The three of them are in a mansion, and there's a fourth person—Xena.

Sadie let go of her head when the sting stopped, and a big frown etched on her face.

"Are you ok?" Mercury drew closer.

"We didn't go breaking into that mansion last month, right?" Sadie asked her.

"No, we didn't." Mercury blinked.

"Then why am I seeing our faces? Is it stress?" Sadie muttered.

"Well...since you're ok...." Mercury glared, walking away.

"Seriously?" Sadie said.

Mercury turned back. "What?"

"Fine, it was wrong of me to push your food away, but you know I've always been overprotective of him. I know you have no feelings for him, but I'm just... overcautious." Sadie said, drawing near.

Mercury swallowed a lump before smiling a bit.

"I won't cook for him again, and I won't even smile at him again, so chill." She said.

"Yeah, but he's still mad at me for hitting the potpourri pot on his head." Sadie sighed.

"Beg him. Say sorry, it won't break your back. Get him what he likes." Mercury said.

"Ren likes nothing, he likes no one. He's just like me." Sadie shrugged.

"He likes rabbits" Mercury said, and Sadie gasped.

"How did you still remember that?"

"When his rabbit Sensei died at 8, that was the first time I saw his tears. He even refused to bury it, isn't the rabbit body still in his room? Locked in ice?" Mercury said.

"Yeah, he's quite obsessed with it. I'll get him a new one, exactly like Sensei. Thanks for the suggestion." Sadie smiled.

--

Soren got himself changed to black in the general changing room only because he didn't want to see Sadie.

He made his way to the elite hall alone, but he could feel his energy draining cos of the snake venom.

It's crawling up his wrist already, and it'd soon reach his heart.

No idea what's going to happen after that, but he's curious too.

Xena and Faye came out of a restroom opposite him, and he immediately changed routes.

They changed routes too, crossing him outside.

"Xena begged me for a favor cos of you, so keep calm and don't think we came here to beg for your dîck." Faye said bluntly, and Soren's empty eyes moved to Xena.

"What favor?" He asked, voice void.

"You got bitten by the snake cos of me, and Faye is a serpent. She can suck out poison no matter the nature." Xena explained.

"And what gave you the assertion that I'd allow her lips on my body?" Soren replied, expressionless.

"His ego..." Faye muttered.

"But you look drained, especially on your lips. I just want to help cos if you hadn't hit the snake away, I'd be the one with the bite right now. I'm not half as powerful as you, so I'd surely be dead already." Xena said.

Soren bypassed them like he didn't hear what she just said, but she quickly grabbed his hand.

"Please. After this, I'll get off your neck." She begged.

Soren's eyes caught up with hers, and she kept it steady without blinking.

His eyes darted to Faye, and Faye took her body away from the wall she rested it on.

"Finally swallowed your pride?" She scoffed.

Soren looked away, leaving his hand on Xena's palm.

"Quick!" Xena called Faye, and Faye moved closer.

She took the hand from Xena, bringing Soren's swollen wrist to her mouth.

Just one second, she already sucked out the venom. 

Instead of spitting it out, she swallowed it all.

"Will you be ok?" Xena asked worriedly.

"Of course, I'm not that feeble." Faye replied, wiping her lips.

"Thank you. I'll pay you back." Xena smiled.

"Don't pay me back. You and Shayla are literally my friends, and friends help each other." Faye smiled back then faced Soren.

"Your blood is bitter by the way, but it matches your stony face anyways." She rolled eyes and left.

Soren looked at his fine wrist, then at Xena who's still standing in front of him.

"Thanks for letting me help. Like I said, I'll get off your neck now." She said, stepping back.

The moment she started walking away, he spoke up surprisingly.

"Your animal communicator ability, can it call dead animals back to life?"

Xena turned back.

"If the animal has a strong connection with it's owner, then I think I can." She replied.

"Sensei and I shared a strong bond." Soren said.

"Great, I should be able to." She smiled.

"I'll bring it to the palace attic at 10 tonight." He said.

"Sure, I'll be there." She smiled wider.

Soren left without another word, and she smiled again.

"Guard your heart well, Miss Xena. You can like everyone else in this city, but not him. He's a Millions, and his lordship would kill him if that happens." Cheyenne said, suddenly appearing from a corner.

"You scared me!" Xena held her chest, facing the iron faced lady.

"And who said I like him? I'm just trying to reason with him, ok?" She continued and rushed off.

Cheyenne followed with a smirk.

--

[Millions Family Store, Ground Floor]

Lilith stepped out of the fitting room, her expensive wedding dress dragging after her till she halted in front of the full mirror.

She smiled at what she's seeing, loving how very pretty she looks in the dress.

Height is vanity, she's pretty at least.

Tommorow is finally the secret wedding, and she doesn't care about Pearl's own.

According to the tidbits she got, it seems Pearl is in cahoots with the Grand Supreme, so she's just going to lay low and go through her own wedding in peace.

Who says a demigod can't have more than one secret wife?

She checked herself out in the mirror again, grinning.

--

At the top floor of the store, Pearl is checking out her dress too.

Hers hugged her curves and the tail started from her knees, spreading out from there.

She's holding a bouquet too, and as she checked herself out in the mirror, her smile bloomed.

"I still don't know why y'all are obsessed with that god. He doesn't give a fûck about anyone." Jude's voice rang behind her.

Pearl turned away from the mirror, facing him.

He had followed her when she invited him.

"Initially, I thought it was obsession, but now I know why I'm so deeply into him." She sat beside him.

"What do you mean?" Jude frowned, and she placed a hand on his shoulder.

"When I regained my sight, I regained memories of my first life." She whispered.

"You mean this is your second life?" Jude frowned deeper.

"Exactly, and in my first life, you were there, Ryker was there, Shayla was there, even Winona from the West Palace was there too." Pearl continued.

"There as what?" Jude adjusted.

"Ryker was the god of millennial ice, and I was his wife. You and Shayla were his gardeners who watered his roses, and you both were in love. Winona was my personal maid." Pearl explained.

Jude pushed her arm away from his shoulder. He shifted away from her.

"You're overdoing these lies."

"You think I'm tripping? Fine, don't believe. Wait till I have this secret wedding done tomorrow and sign the matrimonial pact with my blood, then he'd start regaining his past life memories too." Pearl stood.

She walked far away from him.

"The Feast is a week from now, isn't it?" She smiled.

--

[City, A Rusty Gate House]

Three people appeared in front of the gate, and they all gave the rusty gate studying stares.

Kasia, Astor and Winona.

"Are you sure this is really the house of vipers that was shut down centuries ago?" Winona asked.

"I read about this overnight, don't doubt." Kasia rolled eyes.

"Fine, so what are we going to do in an abandoned house?" Winona asked again, taking off her glasses.

"We might find clues, who knows?" Astor said.

"Faye is a snake, meaning her dead mother was one too, why not take us to your wife's grave for clues?" Winona faced Astor.

"Faye is not directly my daughter, I picked her up somewhere. And Faye isn't part of the snake family we're investigating. That snake woman was a cobra, and Faye is a viper." Astor clarified.

"Right, sorry for my assumptions." Winona nodded.

She kicked the rusty gate open, leading the way inside.

"Let's go" Kasia told Astor and followed Winona inside.

Astor looked around, his expression falling flat for a second before he followed.

--

[A Dinner Grill, 7PM]

Esme only waited for few minutes before Zeke appeared with Granny Tara by the door.

The grill is an exclusive spot for royalties, and Zeke specially booked the whole place.

Esme stood on her tall heels when he came in with the old woman, and Tara smiled immediately she saw her.

"See? A face to actually smile at, not the baked one back home." 

"Thanks for the compliments, mother. It's good to see you. Zeke told me a lot about you and I've been anticipating." Esme smiled.

She didn't sit till Tara had her seat in front of her. Zeke sat beside her.

"I've been longing to see you too, and I definitely can't wait for you to take your place as the real Palace Madame." Tara nodded.

"Me too, everything will come back to it's place a week from now after the feast." Esme said.

"What family are you from again?" Tara asked interestedly.

"Soul shifters, but I've dropped my ability for my daughter. I'm cultivating a new ability now." Esme replied proudly.

"And it's?" Tara leaned in.

"I'll become a god slayer soon. I'm cultivating the ability to kill gods." Esme replied.

"I see why Zeke is so blown away" Tara smiled, and Zeke grinned, lifting his glass to toast.

"To love?" 

Tara and Esme raised theirs too.

"To power" They chorused, clinking glasses.

On the ceiling tile of the grill, a small spider stood there, watching from it's hidden web.

--

[Shayla's Memories, Age 3]

It's a stormy night, heavy and relentless.

Liza came out of the house, holding little Shayla's hand in a drag.

The little girl was crying, but no one is ready to listen or help, not even her one mother who's pulling her.

"You shouldn't have been born at all, but do you know why I gave birth to you despite the perils? It's because I needed you to take out my anger on, and here you are! Do you think you deserve to even live in a house? You have no right to even cry!" Liza complained, steps widening as she dragged her towards the road.

"Ma...Ma I'm sorry for being born! I'm so sorry!" Shayla cried, not even struggling with the merciless woman.

Liza pushed her to the middle of the road when she saw a truck coming.

Shayla was hit by the truck, and her body flew to land brutally on the pavement.

Her head bled into the granite, and the truck driver drove off in fear.

"You deserve every bad thing!" Liza laughed cruelly beside the road, staring down at Shayla's limp body.

From a ominously dark side on the road, Ryker appeared, looking still as ocean water as he watched the scene.

He only got transported out of that rainy day memory. He landed in her full memories, and since then, he has been going from one day to another, watching the memories she experienced as a little kid.

And each day, comes with a new hostility from Liza.

Liza is crueller than the devil, and she never blinks whenever she's melting out those tortures.

There's no single happy day.

And now she willingly took her to the road to get hit by a truck?

Trash.

Liza took unconscious little Shayla from the road to the alchemists shop for treatment.

She only spent one day there, and Liza took her back home.

Her wounds still hasn't healed, but the alchemists adviced to feed her well cos malnutrition is part of her problem.

Liza boiled ten eggs and peeled them in a plate, then she brought the plate out to Shayla.

One after the other, she started forcing the eggs into her mouth.

She's not allowed to bite, she must swallow everything whole.

Shayla was crying as she forced the whole big eggs down her small throat.

She's begging too.

Saying sorry for being born, for being alive, for breathing, for living.

After the third egg, she couldn't swallow anymore. Her throat clogged totally, and she started gasping.

Taking that as rebellion, Liza took Shayla's little arm and pulled it back, breaking it totally.

"Ma!!!!!" Shayla cried out again, hot tears springing out of her eyes as her eyes closed. She collapsed again.

Ryker's fists folded, so hard that his short nails even entered his palm.

Anger, rage, fury... everything assembled, driving him mad.

That was the last day he watched before he left the memories.

--

[Luminaria, Heartless Tower 7:30]

After a cold shower, Shayla is alone in the middle balcony.

Though, Sage is in this tower too, but he has been in the practice room for hours now, and she's just here, alone and lonely and thinking.

Wishing he'd come back sooner.

By 8, the third practice session will end in school, and Xena will be back.

She's hoping Ryker comes back before then, and she's eating candies one by one, watching the time.

The candy is eight in the pack. She ate six already, and the seventh one went into her mouth just now.

Before she'd finish the eighth, he'd surely be back.

She was taking steady breaths as she rolled the seventh on her tongue, and at the same time she's putting fire on the candles in front of her.

There are three rows of candles. She only has to use her mind, and they'd light up with fire.

Maybe she'd be doing this regularly to learn control and not border Ryker with practices.

She looked back at the orchard, palming her own face as the seventh candy melted in her mouth.

She threw the eighth one in her mouth.

Maybe she'd tell Ryker to get her flowers to grow in the orchard. She'd have to buy pots for them though.

She sighed, bringing her mind back to the present.

Pearl's words.

The more she tries not to reason it, the harder it is, but who cares anyways.

Pearl is cunning, and she'd be a fool to believe her for the second time.

She sighed again, opening the candy pack to take another one, but it's finished.

She swallowed, the sweet taste of the candy suddenly turning sour in her mouth.

He's not back.

Maybe she was foolish to believe Sage's words after all.

She stood from the chair she's sitting on, and the moment she turned to leave the balcony, she saw him.

He stood there on the balcony path, looking as dark as ever in his robe.

His face isn't calm, it's bedecked with something she can't put a name on, but still... she tried to play hard.

"I told you I was going to go in there myself. Why would you come in and risk your entire inner energy for me? And after you came, you had to disappear like that and make me come here alone? You're bad." She said, stalking towards him.

He stood there, unmoved, and her steps finally stopped in front of him.

"I ate eight candies, hoping you'd arrive after I ate each one, but you kept me waiting, and I was very very...mmmh!"

That last sound was as a result of him. He was at her face before she could finish the words.

He kissed her, and all her complaints and rants died there.

She didn't wait a second.

She kissed back, eyes going shut as Ryker's hand held her chin before sliding down to her neck to hold her very gently.

His arms went around her, and her legs started moving backwards as he he moved her.

They kissed and walked at the same time, lips devouring addictively and breaths ragging off.

Their kissing sounds filled the air, the pop and tongue diving which tickled her throat.

She couldn't take in even a breath of air, but she took all of his kiss, returning his gentle but deep sensual energy.

She was touching the walls as they moved, and expensive treasures kept falling off their wall hangers which Ryker didn't give a damn about.

He just kissed her harder, and her tiny moans kept him rock-hard till he pushed his bedroom door open.

He broke the kiss and pulled off his robe shirt, throwing it off.

Shayla swallowed, seeing his aligned packs, perfect skin and his flexing biceps.

She took one step back again, but his hand hauled her back.

She knocked into him again...

"Ryshenka!" She gasped.

"Say that again, firefly." He whispered, pulling down her robe shirt too, together with the bra.

Her bra straps went flying across the bedroom.

One on the bed and one on the floor.

Her creamy breàsts stabbed his chest, and her heart skipped so hard.

Her burning sword mark glittered in the middle of her back.

Ryker's mark did the same, his forehead rested on hers, his nose caressed hers.

"Ryshenka." She whispered again, sweet and unintentionally seductive.

He pulled down her robe skirt, and it pooled at her feet before he whispered...

"Kiss me, Shayla. Kiss me till I can taste your innocence on my tongue..."

"Kiss me..."

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 55,56&57.

ANOTHER TRIPLE CHAPTER AGAIN! Y'ALL ARE LUCKY THESE DAYS. TYPED HALF OF THIS WHILE WORKING SO LEARN TO COMMENT.

If requirements are incomplete by 7pm tomorrow, forget about a chapter.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share.

#UNEDITED,BEWARE OF TYPOS 

★

Shayla was caught unprepared at first, everything choked her in place, making the room feel too packed even when it's just only the two of them inside.

Her shaky rattled breaths, her wide eyes with undigested shock, and her pink lips which are slightly parted in surprise.

The fact that she's almost naked right now didn't get to her. The fact that only her lace panty is covering her nakedness is nothing.

She focused on the heat in the room, the glitter from the marks on their backs, the fastness of her own breaths, and finally...

The irresistible god in front of her.

She couldn't blink as their eyes hooked. Darkness mixed with light, but none was able to outdo each other.

Ryker waited, as it his lips isn't currently on fire.

As if her half-naked body isn't already fingering his head.

As if her innocent kitten eyes aren't already undoing him.

He waited for her move with a big chunk of ice on his chest, waiting to be broken.

Shayla's eyes went down his body again, and that was her or last straw. She let go and fell into his temptation.

She leaned in, her lips connecting to his chest to kiss deeply. 

Ryker held the back of her head, guiding her as she kissed up to his throat, going forward again, slowly and gently like herself.

Her height became insufficient, so she stood on top of his own feet, and that was when she was able to reach his face.

A kiss went to his chin first, and Ryker's lashes lowered. He peered at her through their thickness, and their eyes met and his arms went around her waist again.

"I missed you" she whispered.

Before he could answer to that, her lips were on his own.

She kissed more their normal gentle ones, and she used the tongue first which made Ryker smirk with pride, groaning into the kiss as she devoured him, all while still standing on his feet.

Even as she stood on top of his feet, she still tipped on her own toes, Ryker smiled into her mouth when she noticed that.

His eyes went tightly shut, he darted his tongue too, taking the pleasure of her kiss so serious.

His hands went to her chest, carrying her t1ts to cup in his palms. He gave them good squeezes, caressing her nîpples.

"Hmm" came her first throaty moan. He ate it up, gobbled and swallowed everything.

The moans kept coming, their kiss still not stopping, not ending.

It's gentler now, and sweeter. Her feet is back on the ground, and he's the one bending his figure to shorten his height for her.

Their marks stopped glittering already, but their auras has dominated the room completely.

The cold a hot merged, creating a warm mood that's pumping pheromones into their blood streams, heightening their desires.

Ryker's hands flew to her panty, he easily slipped it down.

Just like her skirt, it fell at her ankles. He carried her out of the two, taking her naked body to bed.

Their kiss paused.

Him on top, spreading her legs and going into the middle. He pulled her wrists together with one hand, then he pinned them above her head on the bed, his second hand disappearing between them to touch her madly wet folds.

Shayla's body arched off the bed, pressing the cl1t on his fingers, so he pinched, once.

"Ah.." she moaned, eyes flattering up.

His fingers went back and forth on her pußsy, rubbing slow circles and getting her prepared, occasionally inserting two fingers.

"Look at it" he ordered, trying to tilt her up, but she kept her body low.

"No" she shook her head slowly.

"Why?" He whispered, moving the fingers sharply, twice.

"Ahhh!... please. I really don't... Mmm!" She moaned again, grabbing the sheets already.

"Look down at it, take a look at the wet beautiful mess you're making on my fingers. Look at my fingers inside your pussy, Firefly." He growled, tilting her head up.

Shayla kept her eyes on him, so he kissed her eyes, and she gulped nervously before staring down, seeing his two fingers stuck deep inside her weeping cl1t.

Her cheeks heated, and when she made to took away, Ryker held her face, making sure she's looking at it as he began moving the scissored fingers, fuckin her with them again.

"Ahh...Ry..." She gasped, brows curving and knees cramping.

"Ry!...oh yes! More!" She moaned, her chin lowering as her mouth opened wider, letting out more entrapped moans.

With pleasure tears welling in her eyes, fingers clutching the bedsheets, legs trembling, her body so stimulated and turned on.

Her head responded with hollowness, and she felt like she was going to lose her sanity as he plowed his fingers faster, harder, deep.

Her cl1t spread out, and her insides bubbled with something she couldn't explain, couldn't understand. Her cry was tiny...

"It's coming...the cûm!" 

Ryker removed his fingers before she could shatter.

His pants went down, freeing his c0ck which made Shayla gasp, but she couldn't even comment.

She couldn't do anything, she just anticipated badly for what it's going to do to her.

Her legs wrapped like a belt on his waist, and her arms on his neck as he lay flat in the middle of her legs again.

In one go, he sheathed himself deeply inside her, and Shayla gasped without closing her mouth back.

Her mouth couldn't close, and her eyes brimmed with tears. Not pleasure tears this time, they're tears of intense pain down there.

The tears rolled down her eyes in tiny flows, and her legs flattened around his waist.

For the first minute, Ryker didn't move. He stayed still, studying her expressions as their eyes stayed on each other.

"Painful?" He whispered, bringing his thumb to her face.

"Very much..." She sniffled, and he gave her a little smile.

"I fingered you first to reduce the pressure, but you're too tight, so it'd be naturally painful. It's your first" He replied, moving his lips to her face to kiss it round, licking some of the tears with his tongue and wiping some with his thumb.

"Whenever it gets too hard, just give me a pinch, I'll stop." He assured.

"Pinch? That'd ruin your perfect skin." She replied, and he leaned closer.

"Put yourself first, not me."

"I can't help it" she muttered, eyes softening.

Ryker took her two hands, webbing the four together then pinning them to the mattress again, on each side of them.

He started his thrusts, making sure he waited for her reaction after every thrust before going in again. He kept it that way for minutes, and she adjusted real quick.

"You can...go faster." She said, caressing the back of his neck.

He listened, upping his thrusts by one and two, diving in and out of her pûssy freely.

Her walls embraced him each time, and her small moans turned loud when she slid inside properly, slamming his cóck inside.

Deep.

Her pûssy dripped, wetting his cock with squirts, but that was just the needed lubrication.

He went harder, but he didn't hurry. He kissed her lips, tasting her heat.

His mouth moved down, sucking her neck slow, leaving wet marks.

"Ryshenka..." She moaned in a hush as his tongue tasted her hard nîpples.

He entered deeper, fuckin her slow and hard at the same time.

When their lips met, she was already so gone.

Gone with his charms, his careful but sweet thrusts.

His manliness and godliness which interlinked and threw her over the edge. His grunts.

"Ow...fûck" he groaned into the kiss, their energies merging. It surged, and their marks glowed again, fast but bright.

With their mouths tangled, his tongue deep inside her throat, and his cock buried in her soaked, heat, he made her cûm again, wet and shaking before he shot out his own hot release.

"We're still going to do this again, right?" She asked under him, her body relaxing after the after-cûm pleasure soaked in.

"I haven't even fucked you yet. This is only but a little preamble as your first time. Next time, you'll know what I'm talking about." He replied, holding her chin.

She chuckled, feeling slightly sore in her core. She feels tired too. Deeply.

"I can't wait for more" she bit her lips, kissing his dimples as her eyes began closing slowly.

"Go to sleep, your highness" he muffled, brushing her hair away from her face with his fingers.

She was smiling as she closed her eyes, and it didn't take long before she fell into a deep sleep.

Ryker stayed awake, covering them with the duvet together.

He didn't stop staring at her sleeping face. Not even for once.

He brought his fingers to her cheekbone, caressing softly and lulling her into a deeper sleep.

She shifted closer into his skin under the duvet, and he smiled again.

--

[Jojo's Chamber]

With her arms folded on her chest, Azura sat like a mama's girl, her neck nearly bursting with the way she kept huffing out, grunting and groaning for no reason at all.

Jojo sat on her bed in front of her, looking at her wordlessly, but her eyes says a lot which wasn't hard for Azura to interpret.

"Ok that's it, can you just talk to me? Stop this silent treatment. I brought you back to life with my blood!" She spoke up first.

"What do you want me to say, Zura? I warned you, didn't I? You depended on Zeke too much, you gave him your whole life and couldn't make a decision without him. You're nearly a liability, but look at him...he started doing things behind your back, even bringing his tasteless mother in as the new matriarch to ridicule our family. What do you want me to say to that?" Jojo spoke up too.

"I'm at fault, guilty and foolish, but all of that is in the past. You have to help me with whatever you can think of. No one is on my side in this palace except you and Lilith! Even my twins are growing apart, Jude and Pearl seemed to have formed alliance, and Pearl herself is in agreement with Zeke presently. I'm suffering, and it's not even funny anymore. I can't allow  him take away all my years of hard works. What if he brings in a new wife in the future?" Azura said fearfully, standing up.

"That can't happen."

"In the future?" Jojo scoffed, standing with her. "What's the assurance that he's not already frolicking with other women? Think about it, you said Esme knew about Shayla's kidnap by the Eclypseria prince before you."

"No," Azura shook her head. "That can't be the case. Esme Vega? Zeke wouldn't stoop that low!"

"Geez, what foolishness is this?. You still trust Zeke? At this point?" Jojo shook her head, clicking her tongue.

"Do whatever you want, you don't need my advice." She sighed, going back inside the inner chamber.

Azura stood there, biting her nails for a while before going after Jojo.

"Mother wait up! Mother!"

--

[Palace Attic, 10PM]

Xena arrived before Soren. She has been waiting for two minutes, and she just wandered around the closed off attic.

It's old and dusty with cobwebs everywhere since it's abandoned at the far back of the palace property, but thankfully, there's a dim light there, so she can see her surroundings.

There's barely anything to look at though, just chairs and tables, so she wiped one of them with her palm and sat, waiting for his arrival.

A spider fell out of a cobweb above her which she ignored it at first, but when it crawled to her feet, she picked it up.

"You have something to tell me?" She asked, staring at it on her palm.

She brought it under the dim light so they can see each other well, and as the spider whispered, her ears moved.

"The Grand Supreme and Director Esme?" She repeated, and the spider replied to that by raising one of it's numerous arms.

"god slayer?" Xena frowned, and the spider raised that arm again.

"What god slayer?" Soren's voice said behind suddenly. Xena turned, dropping the spider to see him standing there, holding his qin in an hand and his rabbit ice cage in the other hand with the usual stony expression.

"Nothing, the spider was telling me stories," Xena came closer. "When did you arrive?"

"That's not important" Soren replied, cleaning one of the dusty tables with a napkin. He set the ice cage on it, then he placed his qin carefully on a chair. It doesn't take a genius to know he cherishes those two a lot.

His qin and rabbit.

He went to the wall and hit a switch, turning on more lights.

"I didn't know there more lights" Xena said awkwardly, trying to spark a conversation again, but it failed just like the first one.

Soren didn't reply.

As he walked back to her, she gave up, deciding to stop her attempts.

He opened the cage and brought out the purple rabbit. It looks frozen as it has been inside the ice for long. Both eyes closed, legs and arms tangled.

Xena's decision to not try starting a conversation again was aborted immediately.

"It's so beautiful! Never seen a purple rabbit before, Is it a he or she?" She asked, and he gave her a look.

"He" he said curtly.

At least he answered that.

Xena got to work immediately. She placed her right hand on the rabbit, then she stretched her left hand to Soren who frowned.

"I'll have to hold your hand too" she clarified, but he kept up that lifeless stare. He's staring at her hand.

And that was when Xena realized her palm is dirty. She wiped the chair with it earlier, so there's dust on it.

"Oh... sorry. I'll just..."

She looked around for anything to wipe with, but she saw none, so she brought it to her gown, but before she could wipe it, Soren grabbed her hand, holding it despite the dirt.

Xena looked at him, surprisingly.

"Just carry on" he said.

"Sure" she smiled, returning her stare back to the rabbit. She closed her eyes, connecting her own soul too since she's the communicator anyways.

"Sensei? If your little soul is still anywhere around your frozen body, please move your arms, your master wants you back alive, and he misses you a lot." She said.

Soren's eyes stayed keen on the rabbit, wanting to catch the exact moment it'd wake up.

"Sensei? I can still sense it. Your soul is alive somewhere in that body...take your years in the ice cage as sleep, now you have to come back, to your owner." She continued.

The awakening was draining her soul, and the fact that her lifeline is not with her worsened it.

She got weaker and weaker, till blood dropped from her nose.

Soren noticed it and blinked.

"Hey, you're bleeding. I think you should stop."

"Sensei? You can hear me." Xena continued, ignoring him.

"Stop it!" Soren tried taking his hand from her, but she held tighter.

"Sensei!" She gasped, opening her eyes finally.

"I told you to fuckin stop!" Soren snapped when he saw the blood flooding down her nostrils already. It's entering her mouth.

"It's awake" she replied, facing him.

Soren frowned.

"It's awake" she pointed at the rabbit, and Soren's eyes went back to the table.

The little rabbit stood on its two legs, raising it's arms up and smiling with it's two front teeth out.

"Sensei?" Soren went closer immediately, eyes delightful as he smiled widely.

"You're really awake? You bad, bad boy. You kept me waiting!" He gushed, carrying it into his palms.

In shock, Xena watched him.

Soren actually smiles? 

All cos of his rabbit? Wow!

She was smiling too before she knew it, but she suddenly slumped back, the weakness getting a hold of her again.

Soren was fast enough to catch her by the arm. He brought her to sit on a chair, dropped Sensei and then squatted in front of her.

"Are you ok?" He asked, looking genuinely worried.

"Yeah. It just drained me a lot, so I need rest and air." She said.

He got tissues from his pocket and handed them to her. 

She wiped her bleeding nose and faced the ceiling to stop the blood flow.

Soren opened the attic windows, letting air inside, then he came back to her and asked again.

"What about now?"

"I feel better, thank you." She said.

"No, thank you instead. Thank you very much." He said. The rabbit jumped on his arms, squealing happily like it's really glad to be back alive.

"You mean that?" Xena smiled.

"You think I don't? Sensei was a big part of my childhood, so this means a lot, and I'm genuine with my thanks." He replied blankly.

Xena nodded, and the rabbit hopped into her arms suddenly, causing her to gasp. She quickly held it before it'd slip to the ground.

"I'm allowed to hold it?" She asked.

"He jumped on you by himself, so yes." Soren smiled one more time.

Xena rubbed her fingers on the rabbit fur, cuddling it on her laps.

"It says it missed you." She said suddenly, looking up at Soren.

"You can communicate with it?" Soren sat on another chair.

"I'm an animal communicator, so your rabbit isn't an exception, Soren." She replied, returning her eyes to the lovely animal.

Soren gave her face a stare, wondering if she realized that she just called him by his name.

Xena's face suddenly snapped up.

"I'm sorry! I meant... Grand Prince Soren." She corrected herself.

"It's nothing, you won't get killed." He said, and she chuckled.

"Seems your qin and rabbit are the only things that matter to you." She said, glancing at the instrument on the table.

Soren picked up the qin, tracing his fingers on the strings for a while.

"That might be right, but add Sadie to it. She might have anger issues, but she's still my sister, and I can't live without her." He replied.

"It's obvious," Xena shrugged. "You both can't live without each other, I'm jealous." 

"Are you deadass?" He squinted.

"Absolutely" she replied with a scowl which made him smile slightly again.

The skies rumbled outside, and at the same time, her phone buzzed in her gown pocket.

She handed Sensei to Soren and pulled out her phone. It's Old Chef messaging her, asking of her location.

"Father wants me back at the quarters, I have to go. Also, it seems like it's gonna rain." She stood.

"Thanks for not raping me like Sadie wanted last month, and thanks for wiping her and Mercury's memories." She bowed.

Then she stepped back and started going for the door.

"Xena?" Soren called, and she stopped, head turning back in shock.

"Huh?"

"Tommorow? 10pm again? Here?" He said like he's just learning to talk.

"I'll...think about it." She intentionally said before dashing out of the attic.

The moment she was out, the large rain started, and Soren stood from his chair, shutting the windows back.

He tried to teleport back to the main castle, though he's aware that he won't be able to do it without Sadie by his side, but he still tried.

And shockingly, he did it.

He teleported without Sadie, and he landed in front of their room at the main castle.

What was that? 

He has no teleporting power of his own without holding Sadie's hand.

However, he brushed it off, deciding to not stress himself thinking yet.

He needs to spend as much time as possible with his rabbit and catch up with the times they missed.

Sensei was whimpering playfully in his palms as he opened the door and entered the room.

Confetti poured on him, and loud balloons popped at his face with smokes from a smoke machine.

"You're finally back!" Sadie's voice said, but he wasn't able to move.

He waited till the smokes dissipated before moving forward.

Sadie stood in the middle of their room, holding a new purple rabbit cage. Mercury stood beside her, holding a small black cake with...

SADIE AND SOREN'S RECONCILIATION written around it with icing 

But the moment they saw Soren holding Sensei, their happiness dropped with their arms.

"What's going on? Why is Sensei suddenly awake?" Sadie questioned.

"You forgot we're not supposed to be talking? Get off." Soren pushed past her, dropping Sensei on his bed.

As he walked past them, Mercury perceived a faint smell of onions from his body.

Onions? Only a chef would smell like that. And the only possible chef is...

Xena?

He was with Xena?

Xena communicates with animals too, so did she...wake his rabbit up?

The cake fell from Mercury to the ground when she realized that, but she said nothing.

"I got you a new rabbit and a cake to apologize! But you're here with your newly awakened rabbit, of course it'd be difficult for me!" Sadie shouted at Soren.

"Don't try to guilt-trip me again, and not everything is about you Sadie! You got the cake and new rabbit, but admit it, you were only going to dump them on me and expect me to follow your flow as usual, you wouldn't say sorry!" Soren snapped.

Sadie's red eyes refused to blink, and she chewed on her inner mouth.

"See? Bingo." Soren smirked, taking the rabbit and leaving the room again.

"Soren!!!" Sadie ran to the door too, flinging it open.

"I think he was with Xena" Mercury finally spoke up.

"What!" Sadie turned back.

"Yeah, I smelled onions from him faintly." Mercury swallowed.

--

[Lobby]

Just Zeke and Tara are here.

They returned from the dinner with Esme an hour ago, and they've been here, chatting.

"How sure are you that your plan for the Feast is really going to work?" Tara asked, dropping her water glass.

"Hundred percent, don't you trust me anymore? I know what I added to his pool at the groove so there's no way he's escaping that with his partner. I always win." Zeke shrugged.

"It better be, and about the wedding tomorrow?" Tara questioned further.

"It'd go as planned. Pearl might be my daughter, but she's cunning as hell. I need to give her what she wants in order to know what her identity is. I'll drag Old Chef to the wedding with her tomorrow." Zeke replied, looking around.

"Haven't seen your snake anywhere."

"I sent it to the tower" she replied.

"Are you serious? You damn know the bastard is going to kill it." Zeke leaned forward.

"You think I don't have a plan with it? Let him kill it" Tara smiled, sighing.

"I might not see him or his partner yet, but my actions speaks louder." 

"You won't see him unless he wants to see you by himself. He's a bastard, but his arrogance is peak." Zeke scoffed, picking the water to drink.

"Your wife and her mother?" Tara asked the third question.

"Should that even be a question?" Zeke grinned. "You know damn well what happens to useless papers, we burn them."

--

[City, Vipers Household]

The West Palace people are still here, looking for clues and leads since hours ago, but nothing is showing up.

Faye and Blaise joined them already, so the searchings are faster, but it's like pouring water in the ocean.

Useless.

Winona was already so tired as she sat in the middle of the archive, surrounded by papers and journals.

The archive is in the backroom of the household, and it's as old as the rest of the house.

The house would have been a normal house if not for the snake drawings and mouldings on the wall, so it's spooky,but there's no single living snake hanging around.

They went extinct since this household was shut down.

"Don't you think we're only just wasting our time?" Winona sighed. "It's been hours,  dawgs."

"Are you giving up already? I can't believe you. We should get answers and settle our midnight curse once and for all. Who knows when that crazy Rumi will decide to come back?"

"What entered you? You're actually enthusiastic about something? Whoa! The sun probably rose from the wrong sky today." Faye clapped.

"I hate you" Blaise rolled eyes.

"Mutual" she gave him a middle finger, and he scoffed.

"Why can't we find just one info about the snake woman? Did someone wipe off the information?" Kasia said suspiciously.

"That's right" Astor said from his side, holding up a journal book.

He's currently in the middle page of the book, and all three pages have been ripped away.

"Dang!" Winona stood, taking the journal book from him. "It's really ripped."

"Meaning someone is aware of this investigation and intentionally putting a jinx on it?" Blaise said.

They all exchanged glances, but Faye was smirking secretly behind Winona 

--

[Next Morning, Liza Kings Mansion]

When Liza woke up, Kade was still sitting on that same couch.

He's holding the jotter, slamming the pen on it while resting his other knuckles on his temple, staring at her.

His legs are still on the table.

"Why did I sleep on the couch? You couldn't wake me?" Liza yawned, getting up feeling empty and different.

"You passed out yesterday after you told me every fuckin secret in your head." Kade replied, dropping his legs from the table.

He stood.

"I... passed out? Told you secrets? Her frowm was deep.

Kade threw the jotter at her, and she caught, flipping restlessly through the pages. Her eyes widened.

"Shayla has a mark? I saw it and hid it and... I was planning to unleash the fire on the feast day, make her run wild and kill Ryker then ascend to the nine heavens with her for power injections? I plan to turn her from a demigoddess to a demon grandmistress and rule Luminaria together with her?" 

"Exactly, and now that I'm in on the plan, you better cooperate and let's talk about your plan B." Kade tilted his head, shrugging.

Liza gasped again.

--

[Black Swan Ballet School]

A Porsche screeched to a rough stop in the crosswalk, and Rumi's tall heels stepped out, her face as mischievous as ever as she stared at the school building, her legs standing in a catwalk pose even when she's not walking.

She wore exactly Xena's style—long boring gown and equally boring low heels. She even straightened her hair and didn't wear makeup.

"I missed, again." She snickered, realizing the school is dry.

It's weekend.

She got back in the car, grabbing the steering wheel hard with a smile.

"I'll have to visit the palace then" 

--

[East Palace, Heartless Tower]

In the middle balcony, Shayla sat with varieties of meals in front of her, plus fruits which she's spending her time to munch on for breakfast.

She's especially eating the strawberries more than any other fruit, and she decided to eat meat more than the other meals too.

She's smiling as she brought the meat crumbs to her mouth with fork, and the memories of last night didn't leave her memories for once.

She was replaying it as she ate, filling her buds and small mouth.

Her robe is black this morning, she purposely chose it cos she wants to match with him since most of his robes are of that color.

She licked the meat stew off her fingers, and Cheyenne came to join her shortly.

"Eat with me" she said immediately.

"No." Cheyenne replied.

"That was cold-hearted." Shayla replied, eating another meatball, and Cheyenne chuckled.

"I prefer pasta, and there's no pasta on the table. I'll cook some for I and Sage later." She said.

"Where's he? Ryshenka? He hasn't come out, yet?" Shayla looked around.

"Ryshenka? Mmm..." Cheyenne shifted closer.

"Did you just say a pet name in his family language style?"

"Yeah," Shayla nodded. "I didn't want to add chik or chko, so i opted for shenka, it's their prettiest suffix." 

"Do you know their family language is called Russian in the human world?" Cheyenne asked.

"Really? Why?" Shayla dropped her fork, concentrating.

"Cos his family ancestors were all humans. Back then, there was no rule that said Luminarians shouldn't marry humans. That rule started the moment the Millions took over the city." Cheyenne explained.

"Oh...so I'm guessing his business is in the human world?" Shayla asked.

"You're smart" Cheyenne smiled.

"You see... I know all these riches didn't come from nothing." Shayla replied, and Cheyenne nodded.

"Of course..."

"I want more candles for control practice, and flowers in the orchard. I want to grow them." Shayla spoke up.

"I'll get them from you florist, you have any specifics?" Cheyenne stood.

"Anyone" Shayla nodded.

Cheyenne left the balcony, and Shayla looked around again, but he's nowhere.

"Should I go into his Phoria?" She muttered.

Meanwhile, Ryker stood on the roof on the knights quarters with Sage behind him, and from there, he stared down at the practice field through his lashes.

"You don't want to go see Tara yet?" Sage asked.

"She has to keep thinking I'm busy displaying my act of arrogance, so not yet, and I need Zeke to keep thinking I'm not serious about the feast too, that's why no one can find out that Shayla got her fire yet. I chose to lay low till next week" Ryker replied.

"I understand." Sage nodded.

"The preparations are ongoing, we leave for the human world at 12." Cheyenne said, coming up to meet them.

"Russia headquarters this time?" Sage asked.

"It's obvious" Ryker faced them.

"And Tiny is coming with us?" Cheyenne asked.

"She's Shayla." Ryker glared.

"I mean...is Shayla coming with us?" Cheyenne corrected.

"Can't possibly leave my clumsy partner here and travel such long distance." Ryker replied, getting more serious.

"We're visiting Liza before departing though." He announced, leaving the knights on the roof.

He vanished.

--

[Mount Zhitomir]

Pearl chose this place as her wedding spot cos in the memories she saw, this mountain was once the mansion of the great millennial ice god where she lived with him and her maid plus their gardeners.

There's no better place.

The only audiences are Jude, Zeke, and Old Chef who was dragged here.

Since it's a wedding without the groom, everything went by very fast.

The red documents was lay on a flat stone, and Pearl bit herself on the thumb.

She dropped some blood on her wedding dress before bringing her bloody thumb print to the document.

Old Chef was dragged forward too.

It was Jude and Zeke who dragged him to the documents, both very curious about where this is heading.

"Your wife didn't give birth to Ryker just because you fuçked her, she gave birth to him cos she was destined to birth the ice god of this century, but still... you're the father, and he carries a slight drop of your blood, so do the honours and bless this conjugation." Pearl smiled at him.

Old Chef swallowed, shaking.

Pearl bit his thumb by herself, and the men forcefully brought his thumb down to the document, laying his thumb print on top of Pearl's.

--

[Heartless Tower, Middle Balcony]

Shayla has dropped her fork by now, she washed her fingers too.

Now he's taking this absence too far. 

He can't do that to her last night and just disappear today.

She's going to get into his Phoria even if it means getting him pissed.

He said it wasn't a one time thingy, so he has to stay with her whenever.

She stood, but she couldn't even move when he appeared as if he's reading her mind.

He walked into the balcony, his black robe matching hers and his face as gorgeous as she could remember.

As gorgeous as it was when he was on top of her naked body last night.

She bit her lip inwardly, sitting back on the chair.

He sat on the table in front of her.

"Mad at me?" He said.

"Who am I to be mad?" She replied, stabbing the remaining meat on the plate with a fork.

"Your face says otherwise" he replied, holding her chin up delicately.

"I have just been expecting you for a long, and now you appear as if my waiting was nothing. It's so easy for you to do. I know I'm just a partner and you can—"

"Stop using JUST a partner around me, from now on." He cut her off, and she looked into his eyes.

"I'm sorry." She muttered.

"And stop saying sorry at the slightest." He said, frowning when his mind went to her sufferings in the memories he visited and how she was saying she's dirty for being born.

"Will you eat with me?" She asked, opening an untouched dish of pork chilli and tenderloins.

She quickly grabbed his hand, bringing it to her face.

"You will, right?" She blinked.

"I can't eat what's not cooked by you." He flatly replied. She stood instantly.

"Then I'll make the fruits salad again, and add many strawberries." She said.

Ryker smiled with his face down, and she blinked, realizing how much she missed that within the space of last night and today.

"Finally, that smile..." She touched his face, running her fingers through it.

He suddenly brought his face closer, rubbing his nose on hers fondly.

She closed her eyes, throwing her arms around him, but that didn't last.

Ryker's eyes suddenly went up, and his cold body temperature went up too, suddenly.

"Ry?" Shayla's voice sounded like a background noise in his head as a strange memory joined his memories.

Centuries ago, in a mansion at mount Zhitomir, he could see himself sleeping on the same bed with PEARL.

He saw Jude and SHAYLA as his rose garden gardeners, and he saw himself slapping Shayla twice cos she mistakingly uprooted one of his favorite roses in the garden.

He spranged up from the table, his eyes darkening much.

Shayla held his two arms, eyes searching his own as worry overshadowed her sight.

She held his face.

"Ry, what's wrong?"

But he couldn't answer. 

He just stared, and the darkness in his eyes worsened.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 58,58&60.

THE COMMENTS? 🙄

If requirements are incomplete by 7pm tomorrow, forget about a chapter.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share.

#Unedited 

★

"Ry?" Came his name from her mouth for the third time, and that was when his eyes went up.

She has never seen Ryker Morozov shocked before, but he's currently looking like that.

"Continue your meal," he said, voice sharper than blade edges.

Her heart skipped beats.

"But you don't look fine, and you promised to eat with me and—"

"I'll be right back." He took her hands away from his face, and before she could hold him again, he teleported out of the balcony.

She teleported too, going after him.

He entered his Phoria, and the door went shut loudly on her face.

She folded her fists, resting her forehead on the door.

"If I'm not really JUST a partner, then you don't have to leave me hanging everytime something happens. Tears come out of my eyes so easily whenever it's about you, and you're taking advantage of that too much" she sniffled, hitting the door once.

"Ryshenka! Ry!"

She could burn down this door with her mind if she wants to, but she just doesn't want to cross that boundary yet. Maybe he needs space?

"Goddess?" Sage's voice made her turn around, and the tears fell from her eyes easily.

"He's just in there, he's not dead." Sage came closer.

"But something is wrong, I know it." Shayla replied, wiping the tears.

Sage took her away from that building, going back to the middle balcony with her.

She sat and drank some water to dilute her worries, and Sage settled down with her.

"We're traveling to the human world later today." Sage broke the news.

"Ah... really?" Shayla drawled.

"But you're going with us" Sage said, making Shayla look up quickly.

"Are you serious?"

"His lordship said it himself that we'd take you" Sage replied, and that brightened Shayla's mood a little bit.

Sage took Shayla's phone from the table, doing a few clicks on the screen before handing it to Shayla.

"Have a look at the screen." He gestured, and Shayla's eyes hit the screen.

He actually clicked lumi web for her with the search entry–Lantern Night Yearly Feast.

"The Feast that's coming next week?" Shayla said, eyes brightening up more as she watched it.

"Yeah, it's colourful... isn't it?" Sage smiled, and Shayla returned her stare to the lit screen.

Everyone wears robes during the feast...its an historical stuff which starts with alcohol parade from morning till evening, followed by the lantern hanging ceremony by the city bridge at early night, followed by the real feast in the palace at late night.

It's a whole lot of mood, and Shayla was smiling as she watched the recap from last year's.

"It's indeed colourful, now I get why everyone is so excited about it" she muttered, replaying the video.

She's aware that Sage is trying to cheer her up with this, so she kept smiling even if it's fake.

Her mind hasn't left Ryker for once.

"Back with the flowers, I had to visit every florist shop in the marketplace." Cheyenne groaned, entering the balcony. 

She dropped her weight on an armchair and waved her hand on the table. The flowers appeared with the white pots, but they're not all flowers. There are many blue roses too.

"The roses are beautiful!" Shayla instantly picked one, bringing it to her nose to sniff.

"Smells too nice too, Ry said he prefers roses to flowers." She said.

"Blue roses to be precise." Sage offered.

"Wait...so this is exactly his preference?" Shayla asked, and the knights nodded at the same time.

Five minutes later, they're already at the orchard with her to plant them.

--

[Phoria]

Ryker still hasn't stopped getting the memories. They kept flooding in with force, and the more he remembered, the angrier he got.

The more he wants to kill.

Shayla and Jude were really his gardeners in his first life several centuries ago, and Pearl was his wife.

Winona from the West Palace was Pearl's personal maid?

That made him smirk again, but the smirk didn't last... another memory stuck, and in that one, he clearly saw himself getting married to Pearl, both wearing red robes and tying the knot, kowtowing to each other.

Seriously?

Whenever Shayla made the slightest mistake with his garden of roses, he didn't only slap her, he chained her up, and Pearl made her slice cucumbers under the dim moonlight till she nearly cut off all her fingers.

Jude tried to beg for Shayla, but he got chained up with her.

"What a joke" Ryker muttered, his mark glittering angrily on his back, beyond his clothes.

He sent a strike to the walls, creating cracks and dents and slits. 

The Phoria shook violently on the inside s, and most of the white rocks by the shallow pool broke into two.

That was enough to stop the sour memories from flooding in.

He stormed out of the Phoria.

--

[Orchard]

Shayla has barely planted two rose stems when Xena joined them.

Shayla didn't allow her to touch the roses though. She handled the planting of roses all by herself, so Xena planted the flowers.

Cheyenne and Sage stayed behind, they're both on the branch of a apple tree, watching the girls from there.

Sage's stomach groaned with hunger, and he faced Cheyenne.

"What? You don't know the way to the kitchen?" She scoffed.

"You're too strict, even with me. I dunno who I should fear more between you and his lordship." He joked, and she chuckled.

"You should have cooked out breakfast with Goddess's own." Sage said, wanting to remove a leaf from her hair, but she was faster.

She removed it herself, so Sage's hand went back down.

"I can't cook our food with hers, you dummy. She's our second boss, literally. That's disrespectful. Her menu is special and exclusive." Cheyenne explained.

"Then you could have cooked our food separately." Sage said.

"I planned that initially, but then he announced that we're going to the human world—Russia. Don't you miss Russian dishes? We'll eat when we get there, so manage your hunger you glutton." She replied.

"Glutton? You need to watch your mouth, Cheyenne" he pointed a finger at her, and she laughed.

"Why did he enter his Phoria though? Thought we were going to Liza's place." Sage wondered.

"I dunno, but I have this lingering feeling that something ain't good" Cheyenne sighed.

They returned their eyes to the girls planting again.

Shayla is done with the last rose stem for now, but Xena still has two flower roots to plant.

Shayla continued squatting in front of the rose field, smiling as she stared at them. They're too beautiful.

"You look obsessed with the roses" Xena whispered beside her.

"He likes them, so I like them too." Shayla replied, and Xena chuckled.

"Are you trying to build your world around him?"

"Why not?" Shayla drew closer to her. "If he's here, I'll be here." She said, demonstrating by placing two fingers together tightly.

"Are you in love? No...I don't even have to ask. You look like you're madly in love or something." Xena whispered.

"Shh" Shayla quickly placed a finger on her lips.

"I dunno, that's just how I feel. Also, I got my fire." She whispered.

"You did? OMG!" Xena gasped.

"Yeah, Rumi was hired by my Ma to hide it with a spell. She used the spell to trap the mark in my young body, so I grew up without the mark. I went into my memories to take it back, thanks to the West Palace people who gave us Intel." Shayla explained, still hushing.

"Rumi? My twin?" Xena gasped. "Why would your mother hire Rumi, and why would Rumi...do that?" 

"I dunno, but it's obviously not from a good mindset." Shayla replied.

Xena went silent for a beat, remembering the nite Rumi dropped during the maze party, then she returned to her bubbly self.

"I'm happy for you, Shay. Can't wait to see the fire." She aid genuinely.

"Thank you, and don't tell anyone." Shayla quickly said.

"Of course, by the way I met Soren by the attic last night and woke his rabbit for him. He stopped Granny Tara's snake from biting me, and we kind of started talking from there, though he's really hard to get along with." Xena told her.

"I've heard about the granny's antics, and that stony faced prince? Wow, that's almost unbelievable. You like him?" Shayla whispered.

"Noo... likeness don't just happen that suddenly, we've only just started clicking, and I can't rely much on his mood cos his sister is a devil. Also, he's a part of the Millions, I can't risk that, Ryker would snap him in two." Xena replied, and Shayla nodded.

"Right."

And that was it. That little break in their chat made her remember what happened with Ryker again.

"You ok?" Xena asked, but before Shayla could say a word, Ryker entered the orchard.

Cheyenne and Sage jumped down from the tree they're sitting on.

"Are we leaving for Liza's place, your lordship?" Cheyenne asked, falling in step beside Sage.

But Ryker didn't spare them a simple glance. His face stayed as flat as ever till he arrived at the new rose field.

He cast a hard glance to the field, and every rose went frozen, blasting to dust and getting destroyed.

"Ry!" Shayla gasped, facing him with wide, hurt eyes.

"No roses, especially blue." He muttered authoritatively, turning back and leaving them confused.

Cheyenne and Sage had to exchange glances, not understanding a thing.

Even Xena looks too stunned.

"Ry!" Shayla blocked his way, breathing heavily, the hurt still so obvious in her expression. It even got bigger now.

"But you love roses,you love blue roses." She said breathlessly.

"Not anymore." He replied without any softness, making her arms fall with her face.

Ryker left the orchard, his steps as cold as his face, and when his knights followed, he sent them back.

"Shay" Xena held Shayla quickly, getting in front of her.

"Don't take it to heart, he's probably in a foul mood." She consoled.

"Come here" she proceeded to pulling her into a hug, but Shayla couldn't even hug her back.

"Can you...go to the park with me?" She suddenly asked.

Xena broke the hug. "Of course...let's go right now." 

--

[A Graveyard]

Lilith choose here for her own wedding. 

According to her, she's able to connect with the spirit of the dead with her banshee status, and the dead will give their blessings to the conjugation.

The only guests are Azura and Granny Jojo.

They're both seated on a tombstone, watching her from a short distance as she did her thing.

Lilith put her thumb print on the red documents, then she let out a scream, short but sharp to invoke the spirit of the dead in that graveyard.

The breeze turned so hot and fast, carrying dried leaves around tombstones and grave surfaces.

A sign that the spirits answered.

Lilith inserted the ring into her own finger, and she kissed the red document, imagining it as Ryker.

"This has to be the craziest thing I've witnessed all my life, a secret wedding without the groom?" Jojo said from where she sat.

"I still don't understand why you agreed to this." She continued.

"I'm still wondering why you agreed to come with us too. Last time I checked, you adore Ryker, so you coming to a secret wedding involving him, isn't that betrayal?" Azura replied.

"Now don't he silly, I came to watch how it's really going to go, not because I like this. And this banshee is actually risking her life with this, you think Ryker is gonna let her go if he finds out? He won't mind the consequences of killing a banshee, he'd end her and you know it." Jojo replied.

"And that's why you won't tell him. Lilith is the only one I have except you, you can't ruin this alliance." Azura said.

"I don't have to tell him, Ryker sees even if you don't talk." Jojo scoffed.

"I hate how overconfident you are about him" Azura muttered, standing up when she saw Lilith already approaching them.

"Now that I achieved my goal..." Lilith smiled, taking a look at her finger ring before looking at Azura. "Let's proceed with your own plan for the Feast. Everyone else has sure plans, but you're still stuck with me."

"I have no big plans, I only want to ruin Zeke's plans, that's all." Azura shrugged.

"First step to that is confirming if he's really in a relationship with Esme. If it's true, then we can enter with Esme." Jojo said from her seat.

"I'll find out if the relationship is real, give me five hours." Lilith assured.

--

[Mount Zhitomir]

Pearl hasn't stopped kissing her ring since the end of the secret wedding.

She hasn't stopped giggling or admiring the beauty.

Old Chef has been sent back to the palace, but Zeke and Jude are still present. They both have their hands in their pockets as they waited for what Pearl has to say.

"Your identity? Now that the wedding is done...why not speak up and stop wasting time, daughter." Zeke said.

Pearl gave her ring one last kiss before standing from the stone she's sitting on. Her white dress have several blood blotches from her thumb drippings.

"In my first life, I was the fire goddess, and that's why I was his wife." She said.

"Then? What happened? Y'all died in your first life, and that's why y'all reincarnated in this lifetime, right? Shayla reincarnated as the new fire goddess, and you reincarnated as what?" Zeke asked.

"Queen of the underground. I reincarnated as the underground goddess." Pearl replied, and their eyes widened.

"If you're the underground goddess, then your partner should be the air god." Jude said.

"There's no air god. The heavens didn't give me a partner in this lifetime, and that's why I have to take back what's mine from my past life... Ryker." Pearl declared.

"Since we were all in the past, why is it that only you and Ryker would remember that past? Why can't I and Shayla or Winona...why can't we remember the past too?" Jude asked.

"Cos I and Ryker were the main characters in that past life?" Pearl smiled, rubbing her ring. 

"Why did you both die back then?" Zeke asked, and that question made Pearl's face twist.

She turned her back on them.

"I killed everyone." Pearl replied, looking at her palms.

"But we reincarnated this time so I could correct those mistakes." 

The mountain clouds suddenly went black, air colder than whiplashes and sand getting carried around in whirlwinds.

Pearl turned around, smiling. "He's here. I knew he'd come."

Zeke and Jude vanished down the mountain immediately, and Ryker appeared as predicted.

"Took you long enough, husband." Her smile widened, not minding the dark mad anger roaming about him.

She went closer, and his palm snagged her throat, gripping it tight and nearly breaking it into two within that short second.

His head tilted, lips flattening and red streaks lining his eyes, his breaths so cold, hitting her face and freezing some pores.

The whirlwind caged the two of them in the middle, and some of the blowing sand entered her eyes, but despite the thorny sensations, she didn't shake.

"I guess you finally remembered? That your partner of this lifetime was your gardener from your last life, and I was your wife!" She spat, letting him choke her hard till blood crawled out from under her tongue.

"Shut up!" He squeezed harder. She vomited blood on his face. He pushed her out of the whirlwind, her shoes dragging on the ground, carrying debris and pebbles till he arrived at a stone where he slammed her back at, and she spat more blood.

"You still look mad hot when you're angry, husband." She laughed, her teeth bloody.

"You want death, and that's why you made a marriage pact with...I guess you used the Old Chef's blood." Ryker said, voice hitting deep.

"I just wanted you to remember what you did to me back then! I wanted you to remember how you refused to bond and how you cheated!" She shouted, raising her right hand.

On the smallest finger of that hand, there's a red thread hanging on it, but instead of connecting to Ryker, it's dragging on the ground.

Her love thread.

"You left my love thread hanging, you refused to grow a love thread for me to connect with it as your partner. Instead, you were lusting after your female gardener you heartless bastard! I hate you!!!!" Pearl yelled, tears pumping out of her eyes.

  {Centuries Ago, Ice-god Mansion}

The mansion is located on the pointed top of Mount Zhitomir, the largest mansion in the whole of Luminaria which has every sign of life scrapped away from it. 

It's always snowing on that mountain,  always freezing cold with the lowest temperature in the whole city.

The mansion looks lifeless and heartless like it's owner, painted black with equally black rims.

House of the millennial ice god where he lives with his wife Pearl who's the millennial fire goddess.

And their two gardeners Jude and Shayla, plus Winona who's Pearl's personal maid.

A god  is expected to grow a love thread for his partner. After they bond through intimacy, they complete the bonding with the thread, but none of it is happening.

No intimacy between the two gods, and the love thread? Only Pearl grew it. Ryker grew nothing.

He actually rejected Pearl as his partner at first sight, but he only respected the heavens law by getting married to her and letting her stay with him in his mansion.

It's a loveless marriage.

And that's why right now... Pearl is trying to hold him in bed, but he kept his distance.

It's a king-sized bed with too much space between them, and he kept trying to hold him which she made impossible everytime.

Pearl couldn't keep her hands to herself, so she tried touching him again, and that was when he snapped.

He got down from the bed and threw on his robe jacket, then he started exiting the bedroom.

"Are you really going to continue like this?" Pearl got down from the bed.

"Look," she raised her hand, showing her love thread.

"It has been hanging there for years now, and as a result, I'm even more powerful than you, but you have refused to grow yours despite the consequences! You'd rather die with cold than receive warmth from me! Why do you hate me that much! Why!!!" She yelled.

Ryker still didn't turn.

"You prefer spending your time in your rose garden, punishing your gardeners than actually spending time with me! You won't even touch me! What have I even done wrong!" Pearl continued ranting.

"You can leave this mountain if you're tired of it," Ryker faced her finally, and she swallowed.

"No rule says we're going to die if we don't bond. Drop the wedding ring and leave." He finished.

"Why? Just give me a reason why you dislike me this much!" Pearl shouted at him angrily.

"Cos you're fake!" Ryker snapped, getting more angry as he came closer.  

"You aren't the fire goddess of this lifetime at all, your corrupt parents stole the goddess mantle for you and put it in your body! You are not mine! I don't even see you, you are a fake!" He yelled at her face, and more tears streamed out of her eyes.

He stormed out of the room.

"Ryker!!!" Pearl fell on the ground, holding her head as she cried out loudly, profusely.

"Your Grace!" Winona gasped, rushing into the room.

She knelt in front of her.

"Your Grace, please you can't keep letting the ice god get to you like this. You can't keep being crazily in love with him when he has another woman!" Winona said.

"What are you talking about?" Pearl looked up, eyes so red.

"The female gardener, Shayla." Winona said.

Pearl stood, skeptically.

"What do you mean Shayla? He hates her more than me. One single mistake with his roses, he slaps and chains her up with the male gardener! In fact, she's chained up right now at the torture room." 

"That was all show, the open tortures were all to fool you! You should visit the torture room one of these days." Winona said.

Pearl bursted out of the room immediately, and she started a fast run to the torture room.

She met Jude by the way, and he looks all sore and bloody. 

"Where's your co-gardener?" Pearl questioned.

"Shayla? She's still in the torture room. I'm always released faster than her." Jude weakly replied.

Pearl gasped.

She increased her speed to the torture room faster than thunder.

She got there and slowed down her steps, leaning on the door since it's slightly broken in the middle.

Clearly, she saw Ryker inside the room with Shayla.

She's totally naked! And Ryker is healing her wounds.

Pearl went cold by the door, her chest constricted tightly.

With sweet care, with insane gentility and intense softness, he healed Shayla's wounds.

Afterwards, he brought her to his laps and made her sit there.

He covered her with a shawl, and her arms went around him. He kissed her nose, then her lips.

It wasn't deep, but it was soft, and as the sounds entered Pearl's ears, she nearly went crazy.

"See? I was right." Winona appeared behind Pearl by the door.

"Sorry I had to hurt you openly and heal you in secret everyday." Ryker whispered in a soft voice.

"It's fine, at least you spend time with me, but can you heal Jude too?" Shayla's tiny voice replied.

"No. He likes you, and it's too obvious." Ryker replied.

"But I don't like him." She replied, kissing his throat, then his lips, longer than the first.

"It doesn't matter, liking you is a sin he'd pay for...for the rest of his life." Ryker replied possessively.

"Why would your wife's family steal the goddess mantle from me and give it to her though?" She asked.

"Cos they're corrupt? And you're not rich." Ryker replied, cupping her breàst under the shawl.

"And I can't get the mantle back?" Shayla asked, looking up at his face.

"No. Once it's in her body, it's in there. You can only get it back if we die and reincarnate." He said.

"Reincarnation?" She asked.

"Yeah, in the next life... you'll get the fire goddess mantle back, and we can end the thief once and for all." He replied, smiling down.

Shayla smiled back, tilting her neck up. His face met hers, and their lips smashed, the kiss so deep.

And that was Pearl's ruination. She lost it by the door.

"Cheater!!!!!!" She shrieked, bursting the door.

                 {Present Time}

Remembering all of that memory took nearly all day. It's already dark on the mountain.

Ryker let go of Pearl.

She got up from the stone and chuckled, spitting blood.

"You now remember everything, right? You cheated on me first with her, I entered the torture room and killed you both. I was more powerful cos of my love thread, remember? I killed the two of you, and I went ahead to kill Jude and Winona too, then I killed myself! Yes! Now that we all have reincarnated and she got her fire goddess mantle back, I won't let her take you away again! That mistake will not repeat!" 

"You're dumber than I thought." Ryker said, dryly as if he's suddenly bored of this mountain which is true 

The smile on Pearl's face dropped.

"You shouldn't have made me remember this, cos now it gets more interesting, and I'll gladly dig your grave at the foot of the bed I'll be sharing with her!" He declared.

"You wouldn't dare!" Pearl fired back.

"You got the underground goddess mantle in this lifetime? Who knows if you didn't steal that too." Ryker smirked, and her neck veined.

"I won't tell you to stay away, it'd be useless, so come at me. Come with your whole chest. I'll chain you up in your underground palace and have wild dogs take turn to fûck you." He spat, meaning every word.

He vanished, and Pearl removed her heels from her feet, going down the mountain barefoot.

She was halfway down the mountain when her wedding dress disappeared from her body, getting replaced by a bright red robe.

A red pearl-shaped red mark appeared on her forehead, her lips turned red, too. She looks like a real goddess, her aura bloody.

Jude was still down the mountain when she got there.

"Are you really sure I and Shayla were in love in our past lives?" He asked, and Pearl nearly strangled him with her eyes.

"I'm not gonna you to believe that you both were madly in love, and Ryker maltreated her like crazy! He maltreated you too. Beatings in the rain and sun and stabbings! If you like, lay low like an idiot and watch him have her, or rather follow me and let me help your life." She walked past him.

Jude went after her immediately.

"I'll follow you" he said, and Pearl stopped, facing him.

"Nice choice." She said.

--

[East Palace, Main Castle~Twins Room]

Soren stirred in bed, pulling away the quilt from his face slightly.

The plan was to sleep for a while more before he'd go for practice at starr balcony, but what he saw made him open his eyes.

Xena is sitting beside him in bed, and she's staring down at him with a smile.

"When did you get in!" He spranged up, getting a shirt to wear on his shirtless body, but Xena dragged his hand down.

"No. You shouldn't cover up everytime, loosen up." She said.

Soren released his hand from her, and he threw on the shirt despite that

"Sorry, I wasn't supposed to say that." Xena said, suddenly looking pale with embarrassment.

"It's fine, why are you here? Weren't we supposed to meet at the attic at 10?" He asked.

"I know, so I came with a little hi before the real one at 10. I'll see you by then,bye!" She waved avd stood from the bed.

She got out of the room, and the moment she stepped outside, she flipped her hair back, smiling mischievously.

It's Rumi.

"Darn...was hard acting like my boring twin sister." She sighed, looking back at the door.

"Does he even know what he is? I felt his energy just by sitting beside him." She scoffed, getting her phone out.

"Time to scare the snake a lil bit." She nodded, scrolling out Faye's number.

She typed a shirt text.

Rumi: I know what you are, Faye.

Immediately she hit Send and pocketed the phone, her head was covered with a sack bag from behind, and she gagged.

"Told you, she's lusting after Soren! Lustful Xena!" Mercury's voice said.

She's the one holding the sack to Rumi's head.

"I couldn't believe more, she's a bîtch!" Sadie snickered, dragging.

Rumi didn't even flinch or struggle as they dragged her.

Mercury made them vanish from the castle. They took her away.

A minute after, Soren came out of the room, glancing suspiciously at the stared at the two exits.

"Again, that wasn't Xena." He muttered.

--

[Lumi Park]

Shayla and Xena have been here since they left the tower in the late hours of the morning.

According to Shayla,she doesn't even want to go back there yet, and she has been doing her best to keep herself together which she has been excelling at.

The park got more packed with kids and youths tonight, and there's a bop party going on in the middle.

The music made the air pulsate, and the screams of kids on the high rides was so loud that Shayla had to cover her ears at some point.

The youths aren't even helping things. They're littered everywhere, kissing in the open with their hands under their clothes.

Shayla and Xena sat on the swing chairs, though they're not swinging.

They just sat.

Shayla held a really big circle lollipop, but she's not eating it either, she's just rubbing the choker necklace on her neck, and sometimes she fiddles with her hair.

"Are you sure you don't wanna go on the rides? It'll be fun, I promise." Xena tried persuading her again.

"No." She shook her head moodily, and Xena stood.

"C'mon, why does his mood affect yours this much? It's been close to nineteen hours, but you're still like this. Come on." She tried to pull her up, but Shayla sat still.

"Geez, ok I need to go pee, will you go with me?" Xena sighed.

Shayla agreed, but the moment she stood, some passing youth boys slapped Xena's butt, and she turned around with wide eyes.

"The hell! How dare—"

They slapped her butt again, then they began laughing.

"You have flat cakes, nothing to be angry about. It's like slapping a board." They mocked.

Xena attacked the one who slapped her butt, but she was crapped on the legs, and she fell back to the swing chair, getting a scratch on the arms.

She spranged up angrily, wanting to summon bees on them, but before she could even do that, all the four guys blew up with fire.

Her eyes widened, and she covered her mouth with her palms.

They couldn't even scream or move. They just stood there like statues, burning away as if they've been spelled to stay there.

Xena turned back, and just like she suspected, Shayla's eyes are rimmed with gold already.

"Fûck! Shay...stop." she covered her eyes with her body, holding her shoulders.

"Shay! You told me you didn't want anyone to know. You're in a park! People are watching!" She snapped.

Shayla's eyes still didn't calm.

The door guys burned to ashes and blew away with the air.

By now, a thick crowd her gathered, and they watched the blowing ashes, their mouths are wide with their eyes. Never have they witnessed something this raw.

"Shay!" Xena called through her teeth, and that was when Shayla's eyes calmed.

She released a deep breaths, and Xena held her tighter.

Her eyes widened when she saw what she had done—the ashes.

The lollipop fell from her.

"What... happened?"

"Burn the witch!!" The surrounding people suddenly roared, causing Xena and Shayla's eyes to widen more

Xena quickly summoned bees, and the hive shattered in the park.

Everyone ran for their dear lives when the bee stings started, and some with teleporting abilities used it, vanishing off.

"Let's go" Xena pulled Shayla back, wanting to escape with her in the middle of the chaos, but they met Ryker and Sage behind.

Both are just arriving.

"Thank heavens" Xena took in a large breath, but Shayla's face went down.

"Take Xena." Ryker said, and Sage took Xena away.

Immediately Ryker moved forward to Shayla, she turned around and went the other way.

He followed up instantly, pulling her back with her wrist.

By the time she faced him again, she was already crying.

"Your highness," he whispered, bringing his face closer as people ran past them in the middle of the bee chaos.

"Let me tell you, I'm not crying because you destroyed the roses or abandoned me, I'm crying because I want to, so don't get smug again." She hiccupped.

He wiped her teary face gently, spilling the waterworks away, then he brought his lips closer, but she turned away, hiccuping again and sniffling.

"You said I'm not JUST a partner, maybe you should start proving it. If Xena abandoned me or did that to the roses, I wouldn't be pained, but it's you ... You're —"

"I'm sorry," he cut her off, and her eyes went up immediately, catching his soft own.

He rested his forehead on hers, and she sniffled again.

"I had a past life memory remembrance which held a bad relationship with roses, and I was rattled for a while." He whispered.

"Remembrance that you were Pearl's husband?" She said.

"How did you know?" He frowned.

"She once told me in school." She replied.

Ryker went silent, the heavy footsteps of the running people filling their ears, and the loud sounds of her or heartbeats.

"So... you're going to send me out of the tower and take her in?" She looked up.

"Not happening," he replied, almost cutting her off.

Her eyes calmed, and that kind of calmed him too.

"Don't just abandon me or destroy my roses anytime you get these things, you can talk it out with me. To me, you're not JUST a partner too, and I love hearing you talk. Spending time with you makes me happy, and your mood affects me madly, so...don't hurt me like that again." She said.

"Noted, your highness." He replied, and she looked at him properly, catching a smile on his face.

He finally got the chance to kiss her, and he didn't miss it.

He pressed his lips on her own, tasting her lollipop in the kiss when she kissed back, her arms going sling behind his neck.

He subtly held her neck, exploring her mouth deeper.

"I want to kiss your lips," he suddenly whispered into the kiss, and Shayla's eyes opened as the kiss paused.

"But you're already kissi—"

"I'm talking about the one between your legs." He cut her off, and her body went still.

One more second, they already teleported back to his bedroom.

Her clothes — off.

Bra— thrown away.

Panties— off.

Her back hit the bed, and Ryker's face dived into the middle of her spread legs.

He kissed her cl1t then licked it sleazily. Shayla trembled like a leaf in storm.

"Oh...my..."

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 61,62&63.

If requirements are incomplete by 7pm tomorrow, forget about a chapter.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share.

It's Friday, so know how to treat requirements well unless we want to skip tomorrow.

#Unedited 

★

During her stay in that cold cage, Shayla has heard muffled gossips about carnal pleasures a lot of time, but none of them included this one.

She had no idea a god's mouth on a kitty would be this head-turning, but here she is, enjoying every bit of it.

She was gripping the sheets again before she knew it. Now it has become an habit.

The back of her legs rested on his back, and her throats let out careless moans which she didn't care about whoever might be hearing.

Every part of her body is so turned on, so ready.

Shaking, breathless, empty-headed, she moaned again.

"Ry...mmm" 

It was small, but that make him eat more. Her cl1t cried into his mouth, and his eyes didn't even close.

He was staring at her princess parts as he ate softly, giving her the chance to relish every thrust of his tongue.

His hands held her hips, fingers instrumenting her skin as his sweet mouth licked her, tonguing her slit apart. He entered her with his tongue, dragging higher.

"Please don't stop...ohh my!" She dripped on his tongue as the emotions choked her, hanging her on a thread and leaving her to dangle, pleasure-trapping her.

Her throat felt dry even though her moans had been minimal. 

Her stomach tightened, legs rubbing his back again as her hands rested on top her own breàsts.

"Ahhh...." She hit the bed with her small fist when the hotness came flooding again.

She dripped on his tongue for the second time, her taste wetting his buds with the likeness of a nectar.

He came up, held her face and kissed her, letting her have a taste of herself.

Her eyes snapped shut, and she enjoyed it, making sure to chase every taste.

As they kissed, he stripped himself, sliding his cóck inside her ready core without warning.

"Ohh...you're so ..."

"Big?" He interrupted, their eyes mirroring deeply as she layed still under him.

"No. I wanted to say sweet." She replied, and he kissed her again.

He might be addicted to her lips, and she can't deny that she feels the same.

She can't get enough. She's always hungry and craving.

Always wanting.

When he started fuckin her, moving fast—in and out, inserting and removing it wetly, she was already gasping for breaths.

"Ry! Geez!"

"More... please more." 

He's not too fast, not too slow, just in-between the line, and now she understands what he meant by 'their first sèx was just a preamble'

This feels different, hits different. He's banging the places she likes, and she's rewarding him with sweet moans which upped the thrusts.

Arms entangled around his neck, legs collaring his waist, eyes into each other, he pulled out and rubbed her cl1t for a teasing minute, pleasuring her with his fingers before knocking his cóck back inside, reaching another high.

"Yes Yes Yes! Please don't stop!" 

"Yes!" She cried, inching up.

"Love it when you scream, that fuckin tiny voice would ruin me." He whispered deeply, planting kisses on her face.

"I love it when you do me, too." She shyly said, cheeks flushed.

"Well?" He replied proudly, and she smiled widely, caressing his neck.

He tinted up a bit, staring at their midsections where they're conjoined.

She did the same, glancing at his cock inside her pink core.

"Beautiful, isn't it?" He teased, bringing his forehead to hers. Their noses kissed.

"Very beautiful" she replied, and he chuckled, sounding more lively than he has ever been.

"Was I in your past life?" She asked.

"As my rose gardener. I tortured you openly and healed you secretly. Pearl saw that, and she went mad." He replied without filter.

"But... she was..."

"Don't say wife. She wasn't a wife if she stole the mantle from you back then." He cut her off, rubbing his lips on her eyelashes.

"So...me. Am I your girlfriend now?" She asked, and he went silent.

"Will I become your girlfriend when your heart starts beating for me?" She asked again, eyes so expectant.

"You wanna be?" He replied, rubbing her face delicately.

"I...dunno. But I love the sound of it." She replied, softly.

He held her chin, inching up her lips but he didn't kiss. He just stared at it.

"You have the prettiest lips ever, and tîts, and cl1t. Face is a ten, too." he said, ogling.

She licked his finger, and he chuckled, readjusting himself before starting to fûck her again.

Her sweet tight pußsy embraced him, strangling his cóck and taking him so good. He has never felt this insatiable. He kept thrusting.

Kept taking her, giving her exactly what her body needed.

Her mouth fell apart, moans spilling with deep grunts for over an hour.

By the time they were done, she was already so tired...so exhausted.

Ryker ran her a cold bathwater, and he bathed her by himself. She was even already sleeping before her body hit the bathtub.

He gave her the best bubble bath and dressed her up in a long white singlet which stopped on her knees.

He had a warm shower too, changing his robe to blue.

He covered her up in bed and placed a kiss on her hair, inhaling her scent addictively from her skin.

He placed his nose there for long before he could move away.

He left the room, meeting his knights at the middle balcony.

"Xena is back at the servants quarters," Sage reported.

"Here, the park news." Cheyenne handed him her phone.

Ryker took it, seeing that the news about the four burnt guys is already flying around, and a lot of people recognize Shayla as the 150 billion slave, his partner.

There's no stop to it. The news is out and Zeke has probably heard it right now which is good.

"Won't this put a hitch in your plan? You wanted to lay low, but now that everyone found out about her fire, what's gonna happen?" Sage asked.

"More reason to lay low and make them believe I'm a slacker who's doing nothing. Let them soak in the news and make more plans in the dark for the next one week." Ryker said, resting his palm on the rail.

"Does that mean we're spending the next one week in Russia?" Cheyenne asked eagarly.

"We're not returning to this city till the eve of the Feast." Ryker replied flatly, facing the two.

"Your lordship, the plan is still the same, right?" Sage asked.

"Wouldn't change plans without telling you both," Ryker's brows dipped. "On the night of the feast, a member of the Millions Family is dying, and you already know who my target is. They'll start paying for their sins that night, and I'm killing one by one. One per year."

There was silence after he said that.

"Travel is tomorrow morning, you might wanna go repack. I need to get to the slaves kitchen." He continued.

They both didn't argue, they left the balcony, and Ryker left for the kitchen.

He didn't bother teleporting. He walked his way there.

--

[A Far-off Cornfield]

Sadie send Mercury home, so she's the only one who brought Rumi here.

She claimed that Soren is her brother, so she's the only who who has the right to punish her for trying to steal him away.

She tied Rumi to the ground, connecting the ropes to the root of the only oak tree in the middle of that green cornfield.

She was holding a slanted bottle of alcohol as she strolled around in front of the bound girl, and Rumi's eyes refused to open.

Her mouth is currently gagged, and her face is down.

Sadie took a sip from the alcohol bottle before ripping the gag away from Rumi's mouth.

She threw her hand to her face, slapping her soundly.

Her fingers printed on Rumi's cheek, and her face shot up. Her mouth opened, and she cracked it, resetting the cheekbones.

Sadie slapped her again, so the cheekbones went dislocated.

Again, Rumi cracked her mouth, resetting the bone.

Sadie raised her hand for the third slap, and Rumi looked up.

"Has anyone ever told you how cute you are when displaying your madness? It's swoon-worthy." She said, crowning the words with a big smile despite her burning cheek.

"Xena Morozov," Sadie scoffed. "You're braver than I thought, and now you've got the nerves to talk back at me?"

"Sadie Millions, I swear to Satan...no one's scared of you," Rumi laughed, looking around mockingly before settling her gaze back to Sadie. 

"Who exactly do you think you are? You're the weakest of the twins and you have no use. You're the useless one but you've failed to see that! You're stupid!" Rumi snarled.

Sadie's hand went down, she angrily pulled Rumi up from the ground, thudding her on the oak tree.

"Say that again! Repeat that you scum! Say that again!!" She kneeled Rumi in the pu**y.

Rumi groaned out, laughing despite the pains.

But her laughter didn't last long. She suddenly opened her mouth, casting a sleeping spell.

Black flames hit Sadie's face, and Sadie fell on the ground, sleeping off.

Rumi untied the ropes from herself, dumping it on the ground and kicking Sadie's body out of the way.

"Killing you would be a waste of my energy, Sadie. Would have killed Mercury if you had brought her with us. At least, she's a soul shifter and I could siphon her ability, but you? You're as empty as a shell, all you have is this unending hatred that's not gonna give me money." She kicked Sadie's body again and again.

Five times in total before walking out of the cornfield, stepping out to the main road.

She dialled the line and dusted her gown.

"I came to the palace, but the twin girl captured me. I left her consciousness in a cornfield though, casted a sleeping spell on the dummy." She said.

"You came to the East Palace without telling me? Rumi!" The voice scolded.

"I wanted to see Soren, don't blame my crave. He's the only thing we both care about yunno? We need him more than anything." Rumi replied, stopping in the middle of the road when she saw a truck driver approaching.

She slid a small knife out of her bra, throwing it forward.

The blade sliced into the truck window, and before the driver could reverse, he got stabbed in the neck.

Rumi dragged his body out and hopped in the car, driving away.

She held the phone to her ear with her shoulder.

"Let's meet for coffee tomorrow, been a while since we drank together."

"Promise me you won't come to the palace again, it's dangerous." The voice replied.

"I'll wait till Monday to see him, i have no plans to step the palace again till the feast day." She said.

"We meet tomorrow, the usual bar." The voice quipped, hanging up.

--

[West Palace, Faye's Room]

Faye has been staring at her phone screen since she got the short text, and no matter how long she ruminates about it, there's only one person in her mind.

She stared at the text again...

• I know what you are, Faye.

"Rumi? It better not be you sending this, or else I'll submit your dead body to your twin sister by myself." She muttered.

She stood in front of her full mirror, the agonizing screams of her viper clansmen sounded in her two ears, filling her with rage.

She rested both palms on the mirror, glaring at herself.

Their screams continued coming.

"Please don't kill us!"

"We're too peaceful for this! We did nothing wrong!!!"

"Faye! Faye run!!!!"

"Mother! Father!!!"

The more she remembered, the angrier she became.

Angrily, she slammed her forehead on that mirror, hurting herself badly.

"Faye!" Blaise entered the room, his eyes widening when he saw what had happened.

Fates blood pooled at her feet as it bled from her forehead to her face and clothes.

She stood there, staring at him without moving.

"Fûck, Faye why?" He muttered, looking scared.

Five minutes later, he has already wiped the blood away from the ground.

He made her sit in bed and called Winona to come heal her.

"Why the hell would you slam your own head on the mirror, you recalcitrant girl." Winona scolded.

"Sorry, I just got a really manic episode of something personal." Faye replied, and Winona sighed.

"Even though, what if it was 12? Then you'd have to suffer in pains till daybreak before I'd be able to heal you." Winona said.

"I'll be more careful." Faye smiled.

"Better," Winona rolled eyes. "I was planning to come tell you about the latest news...Apparently, Shayla got her fire already."

"Seriously?" Blaise and Faye chorused

Winona handed them her tab, and they both scrolled through the news.

"Yes!!" Blaise jumped.

"It really fuckin worked!" Faye said.

"I know, right? Now we only have to wait for Ryker's next action. Hoping it'd favor us." Winona said.

"Where is mother?" Blaise asked.

"And father?" Faye added.

"They're both drinking at the lobby" Winona said.

"Are you sure it's the right time to celebrate? We still haven't found out the reason for your midnight curse, and someone ripped off three pages from the journal, so..." Faye said.

"That can wait till tomorrow, but tonight, we celebrate!! Helping the demigod deserves a medal!" Winona screamed, rushing out.

Blaise was already following her when he remembered Faye, so he turned back.

"Not coming?"

"Says who?" She rolled eyes, walking past him and going out of the room.

"Can never get used to her unfriendliness." Blaise commented, exiting too.

--

[Vega Mansion, Sword Room]

Esme wore a yellow flowing robe which matched the aesthetics of the room she's in, and she strolled it with a wine cup sitting on her hand.

She looks too deep in thoughts.

Every godslayer has a sword, and this sword room was designed to be the house of the sword, but the sword is not ready yet, so the sword hanger is still empty by the wall.

Esme rested her back on the only shelf in the room, taking the book of gods from the shelf.

She was about to flip it open when Mercury entered the room, looking angry.

"You clearly said you were going to spend the night at the East Palace with the twins." Esme said, dropping the book and glass.

"We caught Xena coming out of the twins room where she went to seduce Soren, and we took her to a cornfield to torture, but Sadie sent me away, saying she's Soren's sister and she's the only one who has the right to torture Xena. Bull, she doesn't even know how I feel about Soren. Is she going gatekeep her brother for life?" Mercury ranted, taking the glass and draining the wine at a go.

"Maybe it's hightime you let go of your feelings for Soren, you know how territorial Sadie can be, and if she finds out, she'd hate you." Esme said, drawing closer with a convincing smile.

"You can't ruin your friendship with Sadie cos of your likeness for Soren." She continued, and that was replied by the crashing of the wine glass.

Mercury threw it against the wall, sending the pieces around.

"Mercury!" Esme held her two ears in horror, and Mercury walked fast to her as if possessed.

"Give up? It's been years! I've been in love with him since we were kids! Do you know how hard it is to keep bottling my feelings just so Sadie wouldn't find out?" 

"Mercury Vega!" Esme cautioned, looking shocked.

Mercury hasn't crashed out like this before.

Mercury touched her neck, giving it scratches without getting a itch, then she stepped back, panting..

"Focus on your godslaying ability, how to get the godslayer sword and how to wield it! Don't interfere in my love life!" 

She left the room after that, and Esme blinked multiple times, resting on the shelf again.

"When did my daughter become this psychotic? Oh my days!"

--

[East Palace, Slaves Kitchen]

Serving the slaves dinner took longer than usual today, so at 10, Old Chef is still busy doing dishes.

Xena joined him after she arrived from the park earlier, and she kept looking at the time, wondering if Soren is waiting at the attic already.

It's already past 10.

"You still haven't told me where the Grand Supreme took you to in the morning." She said suddenly.

Old Chef removed his hands from the lather water, wiping it on his apron.

"It's nothing, Xena. They didn't hurt me, and that's what's more important."

"They didn't hurt you, but they did something to you. you're keeping secrets." She replied, facing him.

Old Chef sighed, wanting to hold her shoulders, but that was when he came inside the kitchen.

Ryker.

One minute, Xena and Old Chef were standing in front of each other, and in another minute, Old Chef was thrown into the fireplace in the kitchen.

"Father!!!!!" Xena screamed, dragging him out of the fire with his legs.

Half of the hair on his head is already burnt by now, and it's smelling like an animal grill.

"Oh no. Oh no...." Xena cried, kneeling in front of the old man and wrapping a piece of clothe on his half burnt head, but it wasn't over.

Ryker pushed him again. He didn't have to touch him, his mind is enough.

Old Chef slipped away from Xena's hand, and he landed back into the fire, the mark on Ryker's back glossing sharply.

"Father!!!!!" Xena screamed again, dragging him out of the fire again. The smell of burnt meat took over the kitchen, more thick than the first.

By now, all of Old Chef's hair are gone, and his head is madly burnt. He looks like an horror movie character.

"Anatoli" Ryker muttered his name, and Old Chef looked up, crying.

"I swear they made me sign the marriage pact forcefully, it wasn't my fault!!"

Houseflies and bees suddenly filled the kitchen, and Ryker didn't need anyone to tell him before he knew it's Xena's handiwork.

He frosted the kitchen atmosphere, and the low temperature made the bees and houseflies drop dead on the ground at the same time.

They filled the ground with no floor space at all.

Xena stood, coming from Ryker.

She stood on a stool and raised her hand to his face to slap.

Ryker grabbed that hand, tightly, and their livid eyes bored into each other.

"You might hate him like mad, but he's still our father! Also, you might be taller and a powerful demigod, but I'm still older than you heartless bastard!" Xena sat angrily.

"Took you long enough to call me that with everyone else." Ryker smirked.

"That night when father left pregnant mother at home and went to the bar to drink, it was because he was fed up! Do you know how broke he was when mother was pregnant with you? You've been drinking blood since you were in the womb, bastard!" 

"Mother was always short of blood when you were inside her so she was always on blood transfusion! There was even a time when she drank directly from a blood bag cos she was going crazy! Father sold too many properties to buy blood always! He could barely feed us! On that fateful day, he left mother at home and went to the bar cos he wanted to go drink with his last cash and commit suicide, but he made the mistake of touching Azura cos he was drunk!!" 

"If your pregnancy didn't come, all of that wouldn't have happened! If mother didn't get pregnant with a bloodthirsty devil like you! If she had just stopped with I and Rumi, then she'd still be alive by now so stop trying to project your fault on father! Stop hurting him!!"

As the words left Xena's mouth, she wasn't blinking nor stopping.

She said everything as if she had been pregnant with the words and just waiting for today to spill it all out to his face.

Ryker's hold on her hand got rougher, and the blue in his eyes went down. His palm went cold.

She could feel his blood flowing through him.

He bent her wrist backward, breaking it before breaking the stool beneath her feet.

Xena fell from the stool to the ground, groaning.

Despite Old Chef's head pains, he grabbed her to himself, both looking so helpless as Ryker started walking out of the kitchen.

Almost all the Millions family members are by the door already except Jude and Sadie.

"What a lovely, lovely family history."  Granny Tara commented.

"Are you just knowing he's a bloodthirsty devil?" Zeke laughed, his hands in pockets.

Azura said nothing, Soren said nothing too. He's just holding his rabbit in his arms, looking at Xena with different eyes.

"Ryker," Granny Jojo called, but he looked at no one at all.

"Finally got to meet the demigod, but too bad he's not in a good mood" Granny Tara spoke again.

With a wave of his hand, he got Tara out of the way.

Tara fell in Zeke's arms, and they both sneered as Ryker went out of sight, his robe dragging.

"For saying all of that to him, I'll give you a reward tomorrow," Zeke laughed, facing Xena.

"Whoa! This made my night."

"Are you gonna continue going around with your stung wrist?" Granny Tara faced Soren.

"Fine, you don't have to kiss the snake, I'll make you some pills and—"

"I don't need your pills, I'm good." Soren cut her off, leaving the kitchen.

"Rude" Tara said.

"Looks like he found a way to cure himself, let's leave." Zeke said, leaving with her.

"Now that her fire is out, what next?" She asked as they walked side-by-side.

"Doesn't change anything. Everything is set for the feast. Don't panic." Zeke grinned.

Azura and Granny Jojo are still in front of the kitchen, staring at Xena and the chef.

"You're one ungrateful little bîtch, Xena." Jojo muttered, walking away eventually.

"It's been two hours, and Lilith still isn't back with any news." Azura said, following her.

"She asked for five hours, so chill." Jojo replied.

Xena helped Old Chef up, holding his burnt head carefully. Her broken wrist is shaking.

"I'll get you to the West Palace and see if they can heal burns." She said.

"You shouldn't have said that to him." Old Chef cried.

"Let's just go" Xena dragged him out.

--

[Underground Realm]

After leaving Mount Zhitomir, Pearl had led Jude to her realm, just the two of them.

According to her, her palace is underground, and they've been searching for hours.

It has been locked and hidden for centuries, so finding it is a heinous task which they've been dragging themselves through all day.

They haven't rested.

Ground through layers of sand, dust, rocks, water and dead bones.

"Even if I'm not telling you about my tiredness, you should already know I'm fed up. I mean...how many hours do we have to search for?" Jude yawned behind her.

"You agreed to follow me on your own, but there's still a chance for you to leave if you're not comfortable with this," Pearl faced him squarely.

"Every god to his or her own palace. Do you think Ryker has no palace too? His ice palace is just still hidden." She said.

"And Shayla?" Jude asked.

"Of course she does, the most uncomfortable palace ever. I mean... who'd live in the middle of burning fire all day and night. She's definitely planning to stay with my husband at his ice palace later, but I'll make that impossible." Pearl said.

A low crackling sound behind them caused the two to turn.

Right in front of them, a large iron gate appeared, and Pearl smiled satisfactorily.

Waving her robe arm, the gate slipped open, revealing her underground palace to their eyes.

"So...it really does exist." Jude nodded, his eyes settling on the waiting throne.

"Be my first visitor, and plan chaos with me." Pearl faced him, inviting him inside with a hand gesture.

"What card do you actually have?" Jude asked curiously.

"Don't rush, there's still enough time to introduce you to darkness." Pearl smiled, leading him inside.

--

[Next Morning]

Shayla stirred to a new feel beneath her, and she just knows this is different from what she slept on last night. It's different from what Ryker did it with her on.

Her eyes flipped open, she sat up, and her environment confirmed her suspicions immediately.

She's in a glass house.

This room if even larger than Ryker's bedroom in Heartless Tower.

Treasures hung on the wall and decorated the ground, there are displays of the glittering gold and silver crawling around the glasses like snakes.

The ceiling tile and flooring are sparkling white that it feels not right to step on them.

There are jade rose baskets hanging on the walls and the ceiling tiles too, with few flowers in the middle, and they smell so good that she inhaled.

Bright white lights with faint blue in their middle, and the door feels like a country apart as it's so far from the large bed.

She sat on the edge of the bed, taking another look at the room.

More confusion.

Judging by the treasures everywhere and the luxury wealthy style, this place belongs to Ryker, but this is surely not the Heartless Tower.

She looked down at her body, seeing she's wearing aong singlet. Her subconscious knew he bathed her after they did it, so he must have wore this for her?

She finally stepped down from the bed when she saw her phone lying on the bedstand beside an alarm clock.

She picked it up, checking the date...

"10? Did I sleep for two days?" She gasped loudly.

Then she started hearing voices from the other side of the door.

She calmed, straining her ears to listen more. 

"Cheyenne and Sage?" She muttered, rushing out of the room barefooted.

The grounds of the mansion is glass too, and there's a whole aquarium there with several goldfishes swimming around the flooring.

It looks unreal and too good to be true, but she focused on tracing the voices to a kitchen-like room.

Cheyenne and Sage sat there, eating different Russian dishes on the same table, facing each other.

Cheyenne was the first to see her, and when she saw how her nîpples are poking through the singlet she's wearing, she quickly covered Sage's eyes.

"Why would you cover me?" Sage moved her hand.

"Close your eyes, she's here and her clothe is thin." Cheyenne replied.

Sage understood immediately. His eyes snapped shut.

Cheyenne picked a jacket from the backrest of her chair, coming to Shayla to cover her chest with it.

"Where are we?" Shayla asked in a mutter.

"Russia." Cheyenne replied, and Shayla gasped.

"Welcome, to the human realm." Sage joined them.

"Oh my gosh!" Shayla screamed, rushing out of the kitchen.

"Your footwear!" Sage shouted, quickly going to get it.

"You better not hurt that leg, Goddess!" Cheyenne went after her as she raced to the first balcony she saw.

Standing there, she gasped as Russia air hit her skin, filling her with new sensations and mood.

She can't see the city from here cos this glass mansion is enclosed, but at least she could feel the change in air and vibes.

"If you're lucky to have a date with boss, he'll take you round the city." Cheyenne said, arriving with Sage.

Sage dropped her footwear, and Shayla slipped her feet into the two.

"Where's he? How did I even get here? How come today is tenth?" Shayla inquired.

"Boss is in Moscow, he has been in Moscow since we arrived yesterday. There's a whole lot of meetings and conference to be at. His business headquarters is in this country." Cheyenne explained.

"Moscow?" Shayla asked.

"Capital of Russia, just thirty minutes flight from here" Cheyenne replied.

"And yes, we came here when you were sleeping. We were supposed to wait till daybreak, but Xena did something terrible, so boss made sure we left Luminaria that night." Sage answered the second question.

"And... today is tenth cos we're in the human world. Their time is faster here so we've been here since two days ago. In Luminaria, the date is 9th." Cheyenne said.

Shayla calmed, grateful for that clear explanation.

"When...is he returning?" Shayla asked slowly.

"He'll return any day he's done at the headquarters, and we've been assigned to take care of your needs, your ladyship." Sage bowed funnily.

"Stop it..." Shayla blinked. "I'm just Shayla."

"More than just, please don't say things boss hates" Sage replied, and Cheyenne smiled.

"Tell me what you'd like to have for breakfast, I'll make it while you go clean up." She said, handing her a iPad.

Shayla took it, scrolling through the different Russian meals which she could already smell their deliciousness through the screen

She clicked three randomly, and true to Cheyenne's words, the meal esd ready before she finished cleaning up.

Cheyenne is fast with food, and she wondered where she learnt it from.

She ate her fill of the breakfast, and after she was done, she rested and then followed the knights to the practice room in the mansion.

There are unlit candles sitting in thin plates everywhere, then there are so many unlit fireplaces too.

"The practice is for me?" Shayla asked.

"Who else? You burned four guys cos you can't control your fire yet. You need to learn control seriously." Cheyenne replied.

"They touched Xena inappropriately, and though I feel bad for doing that, but they were being scummy." Shayla explained.

"Can you stop mentioning Xena?" Sage said behind her.

"What exactly did Xena do?" Shayla asked.

"We don't wanna talk about it" Cheyenne said.

Shayla sighed, looking at the array of candles and fireplaces.

"I know you're a lazy bone who only wants to spend time with boss and slack off, but you can't escape this." Sage said strictly.

"I know," Shayla said, going closer to the middle of the room.

"Good. Boss can manage his ice, and that's why he can freeze and unfreeze anytime he wants. You should also be able to put out your fire if you're not in the mood to kill a scum completely." Cheyenne said.

"You should close your eyes now, and try putting fire on these candles one by one." Sage said.

Shayla's eyes went shut, and she dragged in a breath, focusing.

Every single candle caught fire. Even the fireplace lit up, burning bright.

"Oh...well. She'd burn everyone in Luminaria. At this rate, you'll never be able to control." Sage muttered.

Shayla shut her eyes back, determined to put out the fire one by one, but she felt a slight drop underneath herself.

She understood immediately, and she moved to Cheyenne.

"Want anything?" Cheyenne asked.

"Period. My period." She whispered, trying not to sound embarrassed.

"Come here, I'll get you pads." Cheyenne pulled her out of the room.

--

[Moscow, Frost H2O Headquarters]

It has been one product showcasing to another since yesterday. There has been no rest since the products are detailed and very much.

Not only the Russian ones, but his branches from the other parts of the world are also sending in samples for his knowing eyes to check out.

He's on the third showcasing today, and as he sat in the middle of the large glittering room with his treasure team and shine men, he looks as different as he always looks whenever he's in a suit.

It's orange color this time, but the trousers are the usual loose, and he's extra smart, hot.

His eyes aren't blinking under his fallen dark hair strands as he accessed the jewelries rolling in through the show glasses one after the other.

"That one's too small"

"Get that one off the glass"

"Not that one... it's too bleak"

"Replace the sapphire with jade."

"Get that one across the branches."

"Reduce the crystal on this one"

Those were his unending comments as he scrolled past the items, and as he picked and dropped, his active team followed the orders.

The showcase hasn't even reached the middle when he felt the mark on his back glowing.

It doesn't only glow when he's mad, it also glows when Shayla bleeds, so he was alerted immediately.

Confirming his suspicions, Cheyenne's call rang on his phone immediately.

He raised an hand, and that was enough to stop the shine team.

They paused the scrolling glass, and Ryker picked the call.

"Tell me she's not really bleeding, or I'll make you and Sage bleed times twenty of whatever she bleeds." He deadpanned.

"She's bleeding, but it's her period, and I dunno...i think it's because she just got her mark. Her temperature went high the moment the bleeding started, and she has vomited the breakfast she ate cos of irritation. She's very sick, Boss." Cheyenne reported.

Before she could even finish speaking, Ryker was already on his tall feet.

"You can't leave yet, Mr. Morozov. We've barely distributed to ten branches, and you're yet to check over five hundred products. There's still a lot to do." The team leader blocked him.

"Scram, this is more important." Ryker replied, still flat in the face but already getting angry.

"Boss, your exit means we'll lose billions across the branches, and you know it." The leader insisted.

"My baby needs me, alright?" Ryker pushed him out of the way savagely.

"Your...baby?" The leader said in confusion, having the same confused face as the rest of the thirty members of the team.

Ryker looked back at him over his shoulder, smirking.

"Oh...you wouldn't understand what that means. I mean...My Girlfriend." He finished him completely.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 64,65&66.

If requirements are incomplete by 7pm tomorrow, forget about a chapter.

Reply All Comments Drop Urs Like and Massively Share.

It's Saturday, so know how to treat requirements well unless we want to skip Monday.

#Unedited 

★

[Glass House]

It looked like ordinary cramps at first, but soon, it started looking like horror, scaring the knights.

Shayla didn't only vomit all of her breakfast, but her bleeding is much. The menstrual flow is insane, she's changing pads every ten minutes. 

It's like she wants to bleed to death, coupled with the high temperature and the sweat.

Cheyenne had to start wiping her skin with a wet towel, and Sage got additional supply of pads.

The gas cooker in the kitchen suddenly went lit on its own.

The fireplace in the lobby started burning too.

The candles and fireplaces in the practice room burned, and every bulb in the house shattered.

Instead of electric light, fire started burning in their wires.

Shayla looks pale already, she looks colossally tired, like she just had a total burnout.

"Are you sure you're really not doing anything with your mind?" Sage asked when it got to a point.

"I swear I'm not using my mind on the fire, I think the fire is reacting to my period...I dunno." Shayla replied, her voice barely audible.

"Geez, another pad!" Cheyenne gasped when she saw blood is already crawling out of the middle of Shayla's legs.

They got her back into the bathroom and changed into the fifteenth pad.

By the time they came back to the bedroom, the whirring of helicopter fan blades filled the back property.

"I think he's back," Sage said, rushing outside to check.

Cheyenne placed Shayla back in bed carefully.

"What's that?" Shayla asked weakly.

"Helicopter, it's a traveling tool just like a car, only difference is that this one flies. Human technology." Cheyenne explained.

"Wonder why Luminarians hate humans that much when humans are sto brilliant." Shayla mumbled, hands resting on her belly.

"It's The Millions Family, not the whole of Luminaria." Cheyenne replied.

Two minutes later, Sage entered with Ryker, and merely seeing her current condition made Ryker rush forward after dumping his suit for Sage.

"Shayla!"

"You're finally back," she smiled, her pale lips splitting.

He sat beside her, bringing her head to his laps.

"The burning fire has stopped, even the burning bulb wires." Sage said when he noticed.

"Of course they'd stop, ice is here." Cheyenne replied with a shrug.

They left the room, leaving Shayla and Ryker alone.

"I hate that I'm disturbing you with my fire. Cheyenne said you had important business to take care of, so you had to return because of me despite that." Shayla said, eyes staring up drowsily at him.

His hands cupped her face, stroking gently till she smiled a little, feeling much better with just his presence.

"You over everything else" he said, just four curt words that means a lot to her.

"You won't lose anything by coming here for me?" She whispered, taking his thumb to hold.

"A few millions, or maybe billions, but it's just a FEW, won't pull out of one wing from my empire." He replied, fingers rubbing her hair, her ears, chin, and the side of her neck.

His hands are everywhere on that small pale face.

Doing that is already calming her down. Though, the tiredness and bleeding is still there, but they're already slowing.

His presence did everything.

"Why is my body like this? Is it too weak? Why can't I control my fire? I really don't want to be useless. I know I'm lazy, but I want to help you fight off enemies too." She said, still holding that one thumb.

"You're far from weak, but your fire is insane, Shayla. You didn't get to use it at all in your first life, so the energy is still raw and new. Also, you have a kind, soft heart and fragile, small body, and the angry fire contradicts that, so it'd act up anytime you bleed or witness anything emotional." He explained, touching her cheek with the back of his fingertips.

"So...I really can't stop this abnormalities unless I learn control?" She asked, the drowsiness in her eyes decreasing.

"Yeah, I'll help you." He said, bringing his wrist up.

His dagger appeared on his palm, and he gave his wrist a cut.

"Ry!" She gasped.

"Drink my blood, you need it to replenish your lost blood and regain your stamina." He said.

She shook her head immediately. "No. Cheyenne said there's blood transfusion, and I can take the blood of the same blood group—"

"You. Are. A. Goddess, Shayla. You're not human, and you won't find your blood type anywhere just like I have no blood type too, but we can supply each other. We're partners anyways, so drink." He brought the wrist to her mouth, but she continued shaking her head, refusing.

She held the wrist, stopping it from coming closer to her mouth. His blood dropped on her face.

"I'll get mad at you, and this time, I'll abandon you for days, I swear on this blood." He threatened, and she blinked back, staring at his poker face. He's not bluffing.

"Your ruthlessness still scares me,you didn't have to threaten me with that, jerk." She muttered.

He didn't say anything, so she drew the cut wrist close to her mouth, shutting her eyes before closing her mouth around it, sucking.

Ryker's eyes went shut too, and it didn't open till he felt her mouth loosening from his wrist.

She fell asleep immediately she drank it, and Ryker's wrist healed up.

Seeing her bloody bum shorts and figuring out it's her bloodied pad, he didn't even bother to call Cheyenne.

He did it himself.

He got her into the bathroom, bathed her and changed her pad, too.

Now, the menstrual flow is very low. Like a drop per twenty minutes or so.

He lay her back in bed to rest, and he sat beside her again, waiting for her sleep to go deeper before he left the room.

Cheyenne and Sage are waiting at the outdoor balcony, and they both look relieved when they saw him approaching.

"Are you still returning to Moscow today?" Sage asked.

"No. And get the spoilt bulbs repaired." Ryker replied.

"Will do that," Sage nodded.

"Will she be ok?" Cheyenne asked.

"Very well," Ryker replied, choosing his words as he stared ahead.

"There are reports that fifteen branches didn't get their share of the treasures today, so we lost about 5.5billion?" Cheyenne read out from her iPad.

"It's expected, and it's nothing. Operation continues tommorow, and tell the shine team to fly here for the rest of the showcase." Ryker replied.

"Huh?" The two chorused.

He faced them, didn't talk but his eyes asked the question.

"I mean...the showcases always happened at the headquarters, I'm just shocked." Cheyenne said.

"If I'm going to go back to Moscow, then they better be ready to have her inside the showroom with me, beside me. I'm not leaving her side. At least not now." Ryker responded.

"Understood, I'll announce the new development on the bulletin." Sage said, typing on his own tablet already.

"You said we were visiting Liza before we left Luminaria, but we suddenly didn't visit her anymore, in curious." Cheyenne said.

In a short while, Ryker's mind went to the memories he saw in Shayla's childhood, and his fists went balled,jaws gritting.

"Letting her live for now cos it's not in my place. I'll make Shayla kill her with her own hands." He said.

The knights went silent, and Ryker went back inside, leaving them on that balcony.

"What's this mad rage I'm feeling from him? Every word sounded angry and furious." Sage muttered.

"After what Xena spewed at him in Luminaria, it'd be strange if he's not bothered. We're used to seeing him heartless, but he was good to Xena, so he's probably rethinking." Cheyenne replied, staring ahead.

Sage said nothing after that. He stared ahead with her, but at a point, he looked at her and smiled secretly.

--

[Luminaria, Cornfield]

It had rained overnight, and despite the heavy rain thrums, Sadie didn't wake. It's an obviously deep slumber.

She's still laying there in the middle of corn leaves, looking dead.

It's early morning, and the sun is only just peeking out from beneath the clouds.

A bright ray licked her skin, and that was when her eyes opened slowly, the ray of the sunlight hitting her eyes.

She regained full consciousness immediately, and she sat up, looking around to see that she's really still at the cornfield.

She looked at her wristwatch, calculating she has been here since three days ago, and no one came to find her from the palace?

No one at all?

Not her mother Azura, not her father Zeke. Not her twin brother Soren?

She slammed her palm on the oak tree, leaning on it as her eyes rolled back poisonously.

"Arghhhh!!!!!" She screamed out dementedly, slamming her palm again.

And then it happened. Like a flash of light, it hit her so fast.

Memory of the night they went breaking into the mansion.

How she ordered Soren to rape Xena, and how Xena summoned bees on them and escaped.

How Soren wiped the memories of her and Mercury.

She remembered everything.

"I warned you, Ren. I told you to never betray me. How dare you wipe my memories for a mere filthy thing! How dare you! Am I that small in your eyes now, Soren?"

She looked up, getting her hand away from the oak tree.

"She won't be able to weasel out of my grip this time." She told herself, rushing out of the cornfield.

--

[West Palace]

It was Winona who helped Old Chef with his burnt head.

She has been exhausting her powers since three days ago, laying hands on his head to perform healing at any chance she got.

Old Chef's head is back to normal. Hair grew, but there are still scanty burn marks on his face which Winona is planning to heal today before discharging him.

The old man sat on a comfortable couch in their lobby, staring into space with a cup of herb sitting in the middle of his palm.

"Hey man, you should drink the herb, it's getting cold." Blaise said, emerging and looking all ready for school with Faye beside him.

"Hey man? He could be your grandfather, you fuckwit." Faye nudged him, and Blaise rolled eyes to the side.

Old Chef drank from his herb.

"But the demigod is really something. So his ruthlessness even stretches to family members?" Blaise said.

"Family member who slapped the backside of a evil woman, and because of that, his mother was killed, so if you ask me, this Old Chef here deserves more than a burnt head." Faye said.

"Look who was lecturing me about being kind" Blaise laughed.

"Let's go, or we're gonna be late." Faye led the way out.

They met Xena by the lobby door, just entering the palace.

She obviously heard what they said.

"Our family misfortune wasn't my father's fault, so mind your words, Faye." She warned.

"You're my friend, Xena, and honestly I love your animal ability cos it's cool, but you know what's not cool? You defending him." Faye said.

"That day at the bar, he was drunk and wanted to fall, but Azura was right beside him, so he didn't touch her intentionally. It was a mistake, don't just say anything if you dunno the whole story." Xena said.

"Ohhh... headache! Fine, he's innocent. He needs to go to the human world and become what they call a reverend father. Holier than thou." Faye snickered and left.

"You fuckin snake! Your mouth always have no filter? Huh?" Blaise went after her.

Xena went to Old Chef and squatted in front of him, smiling.

"Don't listen to them, you're fine now." She said.

"You've been the one cooking the castle meals and slaves meals alone for three days, must be cumbersome." Old Chef said guiltily.

"It's nothing, you taught me kitchen language well so I can even cook for a nation. How're you feeling today?" Xena asked.

"I'm sure he feels better," Winona replied, joining them in the lobby.

Astor and Kasia joined them, too.

"Thank y'all for everything," Xena faced them. "When I brought him here three days ago, I only tried my luck, but didn't actually expect you guys to agree to the healing."

"He's the demigod's father, and though he hates him, but he's still family. We're on the demigod's side anytime anyday." Kasia said.

Xena's face went down.

"But I think you shouldn't have said everything I heard you said to him." Astor said.

"Why is everyone saying that? You don't know him more than me. He has no pity in his eyes or mercy. This is someone who kills innocents without blinking, and I've been wanting to say all of that for years, so I had to just burst right there cos if I didn't, he'd have killed father. Father doesn't deserve to die in his hands just like mother did." Xena said.

"He didn't chose his fate to become a bloodthirsty demigod, what are you talking about. It's his nature to crave for blood, of cos innocent lives will be lost. You know the history." Kasia said in defense.

"I know, but—"

"It's all my fault." Old Chef spranged up, cutting Xena off.

"I shouldn't have gone drunk that night, shouldn't have harbored the suicidal thoughts. It's all on my head." He said.

"Can we all forget about that this morning? Feast is in four days, and the city is in a festive mood, don't ruin it." Winona said.

Xena left them for school eventually, and Old Chef settled down with the rest of the family.

"I heard y'all are suffering from a midnight curse, and there's someone putting a jinx on the investigation, maybe I can help as a way of repaying this favor?" Old Chef said suddenly.

"In that way?" Kasia asked.

"My tears, it's poison for family, but for outsiders, it's truth water. In cases like these, it's best to check for traitors in your household first. Maybe everyone of you should drink my tears and find out if there's a traitor?" Old Chef said.

Astor gave him a quick glance, then he tapped his fingers on his thighs.

"Yunno what?" Kasia stood. "Perfect! Too perfect!"

"After i heal your facial burns, we'll give you a cup to cry." Winona said.

--

[Kings Mansion]

"Woohoo!! I love how the city is already pounding with the feel of the feast even when it's still four days away. I literally can't wait to experience it." Kade grinned as he bounced out of his room, his face buried inside his phone.

"You're still in the feast ballet dance?" Liza asked, coming out of her home office to give him a cold-fighter jacket.

"Yeah. Don't worry, even Esme your rival wouldn't stop me. I skipped a lot of practices, but it's nothing." Kade winked at her as he took the jacket.

"I'll see you later!"

He left the house, and Liza sighed, going back into her office to stand by the windowsill.

"My rape product of a daughter carries a power that'd make the ice god stronger if they merge?" She rested her fingers on her chin, smiling.

"We'll see about that on the feast day. So far she shares my blood, puppeteering her should be a piece of  cake."

--

[Black Swan Ballet School]

The practices shot up in frequency since the start of this week, and it only got worse today.

There has been no rest for the ballerinas, it's like the feast is already happening.

They got their first break for today at 12pm, and as they trooped out of the elite hall, their chats filled the hall.

"I can't believe Shayla isn't participating in the final practices, and she's still gonna stay at the center with Xena?

"Favoritism at it's best!"

"But she's perfect, she got the dance moves since our first day of practice, so it doesn't matter."

"It does, no one is below her here. Apart from being the demigod's partner, what other title does she hold?" 

"She's my best friend, my baby sis, Liza King's daughter, and Kade's senior sister!" A sharp voice answered the girls.

Their heads turned and, and they were stunned to see Xena, standing there with a scowl and folded arms.

"Liza King's daughter? Oh please... you probably inhaled some coke!" They told her off.

"Go to Kade and ask him, and stop shoving your ugly faces around." She pushed them out of her way and waltzed out of the corridor.

She slipped into a washroom, stepping back slowly till she was sure no one followed, then she opened her palms.

There are over ten tiny hairpins and decorators, all either gold or silver.

She looked at herself in the mirror, grinning lowly.

It's Rumi, not Xena.

She actually plucked the jewels when she pushed the girls out of her way earlier.

"Peeps as rich as hell in this place, who walks around with jewels worth millions on their bodies?" She laughed, counting them.

"But their boss isn't here, Shayla. I guess a hairpin from her costs a billion, where did she probably go with that bastard brother of mine?" She muttered, packing the hairpin back into her pocket.

"These should make me some money for my drugs. Damn I miss coke!" She sniffed the air, going for the door.

When she remembered how she told them about Kade being Shayla's brother, she laughed.

"Both Kade and Liza are about to crash out, and I'm here for it. Now let's go find my sweet Soren." She said, getting out of the room.

--

[Back Of Elite Hall]

Kade is seated, Faye and Blaise are standing in front of him like judges, staring down at him.

He's staring up at them too with questioning eyes.

"Fine...wrap it up! What?" He talked first, breaking the eye contact.

"You've been distant these past few days, you didn't even come to school or attend practices, but four days to the feast, you appeared and want us to believe nothing happened?" Blaise said, arms crossed.

"Mother was sick, so I stayed home with her." Kade lied.

"Oh Kade, don't do that. We all know you have this strong hate for her without a reason, so ain't no way you'd stay home cos she was sick. What have you been up to? I heard Shayla is your senior stepsister, is that true?" Faye asked.

"What!" Kade spranged up from his chair, eyes wide.

"Look at those eyes, a glaring confirmation. So you really are her stepbrother, is that why you hate your mother?" Blaise said.

And that instant, the passing dancers started dropping comments like...

"Heard he's Shayla's stepbrother"

"He hates his mother Liza cos she birthed a slave girl before him."

"His own father is a Luminarian like I heard, Shayla's father is the human who was killed."

"Where did you hear that from?"

"Xena announced it earlier at the hall, you weren't there?"

The more the comments, the wider Kade's eyes became.

He ran out of that place, and Blaise went after him.

Faye would have done same, but her phone rang with Astor's call.

"Yes, father?" She picked.

"The Old Chef left just now, but he did something interesting. He cried, saying his tears is truth water or something, and Kasia wants everyone to drink." Astor said.

"That's cute, leave him alone. We'll drink his tears, and nothing is gonna happen. Does he even know vipers are fortified against any spell, any poison, any force?" Faye laughed, leaning on the wall.

"He doesn't, I guess." Astor laughed back.

--

[Graffiti Hall Compartment]

Xena entered, heavy with the hope of catching Soren inside, and she was lucky, cos he sat in the small space with his rabbit.

His head is on the table, and the rabbit is on top of his head,both sleeping, but immediately she entered, the rabbit squealed, alerting him. His eyes opened.

"Hey," Xena waved awkwardly, entering further.

"What are you doing here?" He asked, colder than she has experienced.

The rabbit jumped on her arms, and she caught it, stroking his fur gently before looking at Soren again.

"I haven't been opportune to go to the attic since father got burnt, so I thought I could find you here and say sorry if you have been waiting." She said.

"I haven't been visiting the attic too" he replied, and she smiled awkwardly.

"That's cool"

"I know I'm not in any place to talk about your family cos my family is the main reason y'all are miserable, but was it necessary? The words you said to him?" He said.

"He's thick-skinned, nothing hurts him. I'm sure the words meant nothing to him. You dunno him like I do. He should be a demon, not a demigod. He has killed too many people and I get nightmares just thinking about them" She replied.

"See..." Soren stood. "He's a bloodthirsty god, it's his nature. He has skin on his body, and it's permeable." He said.

"Can we not talk about it?" She replied.

"So...what do we talk about?" He stepped forward again, and she took a step back, hitting the wall just like their first day here.

Their faces an inch apart, breaths mingling, eyes stuck.

The rabbit looks stuffed in their middle, the only thing setting them apart as his palm went to the wall.

"Should we talk about how your twin has been impersonating you?" He whispered, and her eyes widened.

"What!"

"Xena! I heard you're here, you better come out! Xena!!" Kade's loud voice bursted into the hall.

Soren stepped away, and Xena stepped out of the compartment.

"There you are!" Kade locked her clothe on the neck, roughly.

"How dare you announce my secret to everyone! You could have gone to the city tower to announce it instead you wench!" He shouted.

"I dunno what you're talking about!" Xena said.

"Stop playing fool! You announced to everyone that I'm Shayla's stepbrother!" Kade shouted.

"That was her twin sister" Soren said, stepping out too.

"I'm not talking to you, Soren. Get off my business!" Kade slammed, raising his hand to punch Xena, but Soren pulled Xena out of his hold.

Xena found herself beside Soren, and Kade's fist met the wall.

"Fûck!!!" He howled, blood erupting from the slam.

"I didn't know public display of affection has joined the chat!" Sadie's voice said as she entered the hall with Mercury behind her.

"You wiped my memory because of her! You wiped Mercury's memory because of her too, and now you're protecting her? Soren?" Sadie questioned strictly.

"I'm still not in the mood to talk to you, twin sister." Soren replied.

"Soren wake up! She's the same person who cast a sleeping spell on Sadie at the cornfield! She's a witch!" Mercury said jealously.

"Who said you could talk to me, cóck sucker?" Soren insulted, and Mercury almost fainted.

"You're very insane, how dare you even say that!" Sadie flung her hand forward without warning.

She slapped him hotly, printing all her five fingers on his jaw.

But things flew, real quick.

Soren returned the slap, twice to the same side of her cheek.

Sadie staggered, but Mercury held her tight.

All eyes popped, including Xena's and bleeding Kade's.

Everyone in the hall looks overly shocked cos Soren has always been Sadie's meat rider, always doing things to please her.

He never fought back, so this is new, and breathtaking.

Without another word, Soren left.

"Sadie..." Mercury held her red face as Sadie's eyes changed colour.

"Our powers might be limited without each other, but we have rare powers individually, and this is only just starting." Sadie gritted.

"What are you gonna do?" Mercury asked, curiously.

"I'm going to write Xena out of existence, using my skin scroll." Sadie replied, lips bleeding.

At the outside corner of the hall, Rumi stood, watching with surprised expression.

She backed up and nodded, smirking before making her way down.

"He can tell us apart even despite my disguise as Xena? Don't tell me he's starting to grow feelings for my boring twin!" She spat.

  --

[East Palace]

Everyone's here.

The East clansmen, the West clansmen, people from the West Palace too and the East family.

These meetings has been happening in repeat since three days ago, and it's all to discuss the feast.

Even Esme is here as one of the planners.

She's sitting beside the West Palace people, discussing directly with Zeke on his throne and Tara beside him.

Azura, Granny Jojo and Lilith are at the far back of the hall, and they all have this unusually calm look on their faces as they watched the unfolding meeting.

They've been like this since three days ago after Lilith confirmed Esme's relationship with Zeke.

Lilith only bribed Esme's secretary with some bags of money, and he spilled everything.

Down to Zeke's nightly visits and their hotel sexcapades.

"It's all set, then." Azura talked.

"Do whatever you want, I'm only gonna wait to see how things would go in four days. Hands would stay clean throughout" Jojo said.

Lilith said nothing.

"Mercury, her daughter... she'd be the bait." Azura said.

--

[Russia Glass House, Practice Room~Four Days Later]

Since Shayla got over the period imbalance some days ago, it's been one practice session after the other, all with Ryker.

Sometimes, he goes for his team showcasing conferences in the outside lobby, and when he arrives, they resume practice.

Shayla isn't even complaining.

Ry has been extra strict, and they've wasted so many candle packs. He doesn't even smile during the practices which she's grateful for. At least, it helped her get more serious, and her laziness reduced.

He sat behind her in the hall, and she's in the middle again, balancing her breathings with her wild mind.

She looked back at him, finding his full eyes on herself, and that made him turn back to her candles.

She didn't close her eyes—he told her to stop doing that. 

Witnessing your power unfolding has a way of giving extra strength, so she kept them open.

Connecting her mind with her soul and sparking her fire from her inner FireStone, she felt the surge first, then the manifestation.

The first candle caught fire, then the second,third.....

Till the last candle. They burned one by one.

The fireplaces caught fire slowly till they blew up too, matching her heartbeats.

Then, her mind got to work again, and just the way they lit up, the fire went off from them.

She was blank for the first minute, then the smile slowly crawled up her face, then a silly giggle.

She turned around again, facing the god who's by the door.

He's already standing from his chair even before she turned.

He closed their middle space, caging her face in the middle of his palms.

He kissed her, and she smiled widely into it before shutting her eyes, jumping up his body to wrap her legs around his waist.

With one hand, he held her waist, and he held her lap with the second hand, occasionally moving her hair away as the kiss deepened, going past mouth to mouth.

They're literally kissing each other's souls, feasting on their goddamn minds till they couldn't breathe anymore.

Breaking the kiss took a lot of effort, and they both look bright as their faces met again.

He smiled beautifully, and she held his face with hand hand, planting deep kisses on his dimples.

"You not smiling since we started this practice, it's a punishment?" She asked, and he pushed her hair away from her face before replying.

"Real one. I know how obsessed you are with these dimples." 

She laughed, and he joined her, their lips connecting again in a short kiss.

He carried her out of the room, and they went to another room where they met the knights.

Cheyenne is sitting behind a jazz drum set, drumming so good while Sage just sat behind a shelf, watching as her only audience.

"It's done?" Cheyenne stood immediately.

"Obviously," Sage smiled, getting on his feet too.

"Are we returning now? I'm sure it's 10pm in Luminaria right now, meaning it's two hours before the feast day." Cheyenne said.

"Not yet, I'll show this clumsy girl here around the city before we'll return. One hour, we'll be back." Ryker replied.

They didn't even border to change clothes. Ryker took her to the airfield at the back of the property, and they entered the helicopter together.

He made sure there's enough goodies and snacks inside for her before the pilot took off, driving the helicopter to the sky.

Shayla was stunned beyond words, and she just leaned on the glass window, staring with wide eyes at the vast country of Russia beneath them.

"This is like a bird" she blurted, and Ryker chuckled behind her.

"Don't be silly, it's nowhere near a bird. It's an—"

"Helicopter, Cheyenne told me." He cut her off. 

"But it flies like a bird" she added, making him chuckle again.

"Are you intentionally funny, or you don't even realize how funny you sound each time?" 

"I'm just saying what comes to my mind, don't criticize me" she said with a slow blink, coming back to him. He drew her to his laps, and she sat there, feeling the rubbing of his boner on her butt throughout.

But she didn't comment on it. About how she likes it, or about how it's soaking her up.

She just sat, eating her snacks of cookies, lollipops. Fruits and more.

Her love for sweet things needs to be studied at this rate.

As she munched, she had a view of the city each time the pilot lowered to another altitude.

Russia is vast, and beautiful.

Human world is as beautiful as Luminaria, or even more beautiful, but that's not a topic for today.

Normally, Ryker's hands would be all-over her body right now.

He loves physical touch a lot, just like her, but he's not doing anything. Not touching her, so she looked at him.

He's staring at her, but he looks like he's spacing out.

"Is it about Xena? I heard she did something." She muttered.

"Not today, Shayla. Just enjoy this ride, peacefully." He said.

"Ry, you promised to never shut me up whenever these things happen. You can't just think alone." She persisted, and his hand found her face, rubbing tenderly.

She leaned into that hand, holding it to her face.

"I know, and I didn't forget, but not just now. You'll find out when we arrive at Luminaria in an hour. Don't ruin your sky picnic." He said, and that gave her the needed assurance.

She leaned into his chest, and before she knew it, his mouth sealed hers.

She melted into his laps like she's boneless, eyes going shut as she fisted his black shirt.

--

[Luminaria, 11:50PM, A Bar]

Rumi's earpiece is into her ears, blasting loud jazz as she drank from a large, heavy cup of beer.

She's the only one on that bar corner, and there are several portions of coke on the table which she's taking turn to sniff into her nose with a straw.

The white stuff stained her nostrils so much, and she's hitting her own head so much.

The atmosphere around the bar is just as festive as the one in the other parts of the city.

There are laughter of kids from the park, screams of vital youths, whisperings of the adults and elders, explosives fireworks in the sky and the festival fireflies.

Shops are still open, doing bonanza sales of robes for the poor Luminarians. Balloons, even bangers are sounding repeatedly.

It's a whole lot of happenings at the same time, but Rumi gives no fûck about what's going on outside.

She's all focused on her drags.

She was on the the fifth drag when the person she has been expecting settled in front of her.

She didn't look up.

"We were supposed to meet since Saturday, but you didn't fufill your promise." She said, sniffing.

"I got a burnt head, and I had to cater for that, daughter. Don't be mad." The voice replied.

Rumi looked up, eyes highly watery.

She took in a deep breath, smiling before wiping her tears of highness away. She cleaned the white stuff from her nose too.

"Anatoli, aka, Old Chef, my loving, caring father." She hailed.

Old Chef grinned, resting his arms on the table and leaning forward.

"You get more interesting everyday, dear daughter." He laughed.

Rumi ordered another beer for him, and they clinked their heavy beer glasses, but they didn't drink yet.

It's one minute before 12pm right now, one minute before the feast day.

"His birth killed mother, so even if it means going to the pit of hell to buy death for him, he has to die. Ryker had to go at the Feast." Rumi said.

"And luckily, your sister is always defending me. Somehow dumb, but she's on my side. Once Ryker is gone, the three of us can live together happily." Old Chef nodded.

His smile mirrored Rumi's smile, and they raised their beer cups.

Old Chef's smile grew wider.

His head remembered how he had intentionally slapped Azura's butt that fateful night just to get her attention and get his wife killed.

It was all his plan, from the very beginning.

He grinned out wickedly, shinning his disarranged teeth.

At exactly 12am, he clinked his beer glass with Rumi's.

The festival city bell sounded from the city tower, ringing across the whole city in deep echoes, signifying the start of the feast.

"Happy Lantern Feast, father!" Rumi shouted excitedly.

"Happy Lantern Feast, daughter" Old Chef smiled, and they both brought the beer cups to their lips, drinking like the best partners in crime.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 67•68•69.

THIS IS NEARLY 6K WORDS, AND DRAMA-FILLED, SO JUST KNOW THAT THE SLIGHTEST MESS WITH REQUIREMENTS MEANS NOTHING IS COMING TOMORROW. I MISS MY BREAKS, ACTUALLY.

REPLY EVERY COMMENT, DROP URS, LIKE AND SHARE MASSIVELY. MAKE IT COMPLETE B4 7PM.

★

Fireworks burned across the skies in sprinkles, sweet-smelling multicolored flames mixed with the air, the smell of alcohol and midnight snacks wafted.

Lantern Feast began colourfully.

Rumi dropped her beer cup after she drank everything.

Old Chef followed suit, but there's still alcohol below his own cup.

"You're still very good with holding your alcohol." He commented.

"I'm not lightweight like my twin." Rumi rested an elbow on the table.

"Just assure me one more time that your tears are going to work." 

"He has no idea about my poisonous tears, Xena is unaware too. I intentionally did a soliloquy about it in the kitchen one day when I was sure Zeke was listening, and since then, I've been expecting him to use the tears, and he didn't disappoint. Last week, I was made to cry inside the spring pool." Old Chef explained.

"And?" Rumi listened raptly.

"And I'm sure he's not even aware he has been poisoned. He still hasn't grown a love thread for his partner, so there are limits to his capacities. Today makes it the eighth day since the poisoning, and today is the day the poison explodes in his body. He'd disappear like he never existed." Old Chef explained further.

Rumi leaned back into her chair.

"Do I need to visit the temple and offer coconuts to Buddha to thank him for making you my father?"

Old Chef smiled, taking a small sip from his glass.

"And again..." Rumi got serious. "The blood pact you signed, how does that even work?" 

"He might be a demigod, but I'm still his birth father, and a drop of his blood is still in my system which i can never bleed away unless I use it against him. Pearl knows that, so she made me sign the pact with my blood." Old Chef said.

"Wait... meaning your blood tie with him is over the moment you use the blood against him once? You could have used it to kill him instead of using it on the marriage pact!" Rumi slammed her palms on the table.

"I had to keep pretending to be weak, Rumi. I could do nothing when Pearl captured me. Also, he's dying today isn't he?" Old Chef argued.

Rumi sighed.

"Right, but Liza... Shayla's mother, she has Shayla's drop of blood in her body too!" She suddenly gasped.

"Of course, and I'm guessing she's going to use it against Shayla today. Everything is working in our favor, Rumi. We're the best partners ever" Old Chef laughed as he drained the remaining beer in his glass.

"Let's remain the best father-daughter duo." Rumi cheered.

"Absolutely." Old Chef chuckled, his intentions murky.

They parted ways at 1am, and Rumi dragged her hoodie over her head before stepping out of the bar.

A minute after, Old Chef stepped out too, keeping his face down as he walked through the streets, a victorious smile rubbing on his lips.

He stopped in the middle of the children's park, looking back at the bar he just came out of.

He had a quick flashback.

  {350 Yrs Ago, Morozov Household}

Anatoli arrived with a full bag of blood from the alchemist shop, and he looks exhausted as he got down from the rusty taxi. 

He held the bags of blood close to his chest, entering the house.

But he was greeted by the loud cries of the twins from the top pavement, so he rushed there, meeting another one of his wife's traumatic scenes.

His wife—Dominika, is standing on the sharp edge of the top pavement, stomach so big as if she's carrying ten babies. 

She's preparing to jump down, and the three year old twins—Rumi and Xena, are crying under the pavement.

"Dominika, don't move. In fact, don't shake!" Anatoli warned, gently dropping the blood bags on the ground without taking his eyes off the pregnant woman.

This is the fourth time she'd be attempting suicide this week.

First, she stabbed herself in the stomach, but the knife didn't even affect the child.

Second, it was poison, but the poison only made the baby kick in her belly.

Third, she drank gasoline, but it was like water...it did nothing to the baby.

"Why shouldn't I jump? This baby is going to ruin us all, Anatoli! Nothing works on him! Not poison, not harmful liquids, not sharp objects! All he does in my stomach is drink blood like a beast! You spend all our life savings on blood always! And now we can barely feed the twins! I don't even know if it's a baby! I dunno what's growing inside my stomach!" Dominika cried.

Despite her tears, her eyes were on the blood Anatoli brought, and her throat was drying up with hunger.

"So far that special baby is in your belly, nothing will kill you even if you jump down, Dominika. Come down." Anatoli spread his palm for her.

"Special?" She gasped. "Did you just say special? There's nothing special about this blood drinker! He's just—"

Anatoli already pulled her away from the edge before she could finish.

Her swollen feet landed on the ground, and the twins stopped crying.

"Calm down, Dominika. Just calm. Breathe." Anatoli said.

Dementedly, she broke free from him and went to the blood bags on the ground, taking one and drinking directly from the pipe.

The blood dripped from her mouth as she drained. It stained her chest, fingers and protruding stomach.

She took another bag, crying as she started drinking too.

As she drank, the twins stared in pure horror, hiding behind their father.

Anatoli clenched his jaws, watching her with impatience.

'Drink as much blood as you want, wife. I'm going to kill you the moment you give birth to that child anyways.' he thought.

                 {Present Time}

Old Chef grinned, rolling his tongue in his mouth as he stared at the fireworks display in the sky.

"Luckily, I have two dumb daughters who're willing to die for me like their mother. I was born lucky." He sucked his teeth, laughing shortly before continuing his journey.

"By the end of today, what's mine will come to me."

--

[Early Morning, East Palace~Servants Quarters]

Luckily, the Feast food isn't cooked by Old Chef or Xena.

Yearly, the palace have special chefs from the capital who come to cook for the Feast. There are almost ten of them, so Old Chef and Xena are free.

Old Chef sat on the bed edge, eating some cake crumbs when Xena entered with a towel around her, obviously coming from the bathroom

"Don't eat too much cake. You're old, and you can't risk getting backaches." She complained immediately she saw the plates of cake with him.

"It's just crumbs, don't take it personal." Old Chef smiled.

Her eyes went to the bed, and she frowned when she saw a big golden box sitting there.

She opened it, gasping.

Inside the box, there are three robes sitting with shoes and many trinkets.

"Let me guess, this came from Heartless Tower... from Ryker?" Xena said, closing the box back.

"Yeah...Sage brought it when you were in the bathroom." Old Chef replied leisurely.

"If he thinks this is going to make me forgive him for burning your hair, then he's wrong. I'm not wearing." She placed the box down.

"What do you mean you're not wearing? You don't have a decent robe for the festival." Old Chef stood.

"I bought a thrift robe last year with my saved money, remember? But I didn't get to wear it cos I was sick during the feast, I'll just wear that." Xena scoffed.

"You'll wear it for the parade? You'll also wear it for the lantern hanging ceremony in the evening? You'll also wear it for the palace munching at night? Everyone wears three robes for the feast, you can't be different!" Old Chef argued.

"Are you telling me you forgave him for what he did to your head already? You're too simple. He needs to know that people won't bow to him everytime, geez! I'm not wearing his stuff, and that's final!" Xena glared.

"Fine, just dress up and leave for the parade...it started already." Old Chef gave up, going for the door.

"You're not going with me?" Xena blinked.

"No. I'm staying indoors throughout today. The sun will be harsh, and my head is still not properly healed, can't risk it." Old Chef said.

"That's true..." Xena nodded.

Old Chef left the room for her to dress up, and the moment he got out, he pulled out his malfunctioning phone from his pocket.

Might be malfunctioning, but it works even perfectly for him than a new phone.

He dialled Rumi.

"Yes? What will she be wearing?" Rumi's loud voice came.

"As I suspected, she rejected what Ryker sent cos she's too mad at him, such a lovely daughter. She'll be wearing a thrift robe, I'll send the picture. Also, she won't be wearing jewelries on her hair or body." Old Chef reported.

"She's too boring, and I want to just whoop her ass. Anyways, I got that." Rumi said, hanging up straight.

Old Chef pocketed the phone, sighing as he licked his tongue, staring at the lively palace.

Even the slaves hall is bustling today cos slaves won't go to the labor camp.

"Refreshing." He nodded.

--

[Heartless Tower, Shayla's Room]

In front of the mirror, Shayla sat, smile radiantly as Cheyenne helped her with dressing up.

She's done wearing her parade robe...a pink coloured one which has lots of blue flower designs, a beautiful mix.

Her hair is done too, packed in layers and designed in rolls and twists with bundles of jewelries.

Right now, Cheyenne is doing her makeup. It's her first time wearing it, and her excitement is unhidden.

"Press your lips on the lip tint paper." Cheyenne instructed, and Shayla did just that, painting her lips deep pink.

"And that's the end of the makeup, you're good to go." Cheyenne sighed, raising her back.

She's already wearing her robe too, dressed in green.

"Spasibo" Shayla said cleanly, standing from her chair.

"Did you just say THANK YOU in his lordship's family language?" Cheyenne blinked.

"I've been learning secretly" Shayla shrugged, and nodded.

"Where's Sage?" Shayla looked around.

"He went to deliver robes for Xena" Cheyenne replied.

"And here I am,she rejected it." Sage came in exhausted.

"She did?" Cheyenne gasped.

"Why would Xena... reject?" Shayla muttered, guessing this must because of the fight with Ryker.

"I really really dunno why his lordship is being this lenient with her, someone needs to slap her back to her senses. Is she actually acting mad right now? Does she even have the right to stay mad when the man she's defending is a—"

Cheyenne stopped talking, realizing she's saying too much.

"Anyways, let's get out." Sage led them out of the room after adjusting the belt of his robe.

Getting outside, they met Ryker approaching from the down corridor, looking dashing in his robe.

He wears robe everyday, so today is just like every other day to him,but he made a difference though.

His hair is longer with few white tints, and it's decorated with jewelries too, robe twinning with his aura.

He looks exactly like that night when he came to buy her at the dark room.

His eyes never wavered from her till he got to them.

"Have fun at the parade," he said, shifting a jewel back in her hair.

Her face squeezed a little. "You're not coming with me?"

"The parade is for kids, like you." He teased, and she made faces.

He held her chin up, smiling softly. "Go with Cheyenne, I'll join in the middle of it."

"Promise?" She blinked.

"Trust me, and make sure to never come down from the carriage." 

"I won't," Shayla nodded.

She stood on her toes and kissed his cheek, knowingly staining it with her lip tint before stepping back.

She was waving at him with an hand till she left the tower with Cheyenne.

"Whose lead are we following?" Sage asked Ryker.

Ryker faced him to talk, but like a thorn, he suddenly felt a stab sensation on his chest, and he grabbed it quickly.

"Your lordship!" Sage gasped, eyes widening as Ryker grabbed the railings with his second hand.

"I'm fine," he said.

"But you look—"

"I said I am fine." He glared at Sage who immediately gave up on asking.

"We're following Azura's." Ryker answered the question, and they both left the tower.

--

[Main Castle, Lobby]

"Pretty sure he's feeling the sensations right now," Zeke said, sweeping his hair back with a palm.

He's all dressed in his regalia robe, standing with Granny Tara behind a black couch.

"You mean Ryker?" Tara asked as maids balanced her matriarch crown on her head.

"Who else? But the day is just starting, main event happens at night during the munching." Zeke replied.

Maids sprayed him with perfume as the last part of his attire, and he was already marching out of the lobby with Tara when the old woman pulled him back.

"Don't you think your wife's silence is disturbing? Especially since her mother woke." She said suspiciously.

"Why are you even bothering yourself with her? She's a cobweb you should tear away with your fingers, not worth it." Zeke replied.

"The carriages are ready, Grand Supreme." A bodyguard came in to report.

"Let's go, we can't be late for the parade." Zeke said.

Tara followed him out.

--

[Twins Room]

Sadie and Soren dressed up like foes in the same room.

None of them said a word to each other despite the fact that they're wearing the same robe material.

Mercury is here, but she just sat silently in Sadie's bed, looking dumb.

If she misspeaks at all, then the twins will explode on her . Also, she still isn't over how Soren called her cóck sucker, so she'd rather keep quiet.

Soren was the first to finish dressing up. His rabbit is asleep in it's cage, so he left it and carried his qin instead.

Nonchalantly, he left the room.

Sadie threw her body lotion at the wall, spilling everything.

"You said you'd write Xena off on your skin scroll, I expected you to do it overnight!" Mercury stood.

"It's not that easy... I'll have to flay my own skin and sew it with the oblivion thread. It'd be painful as fûck! I'll do it after the feast." Sadie replied, storming out too.

"Wait for me!" Mercury ran after her like a lapdog, but Sadie was already gone from the hall.

"She couldn't even wait for me?" Mercury stumped her foot.

But that was the last action she could do, cos from the back...she was gagged by unknown hands.

She couldn't even scream till she was knocked unconscious.

Strange men took her away.

--

[Granny Jojo's Chamber]

Granny Jojo and Azura came out of the chamber, both looking ready to get in their waiting carriage.

They were chatting as they walked the thin corridor.

"Are the men ready?" Jojo asked.

"Ready? That shouldn't be the question right now, considering the fact that she has already been captured." Azura replied.

"You're faster than I thought," Jojo replied, and Azura smiled.

"Esme is about to have the most juicy feast ever."

"Isn't today your 700th birthday?" Jojo suddenly said.

"You remember?" Azura faced her surprisingly.

"You might be bad, but you're still my only daughter." Jojo rolled eyes, and Azura smiled.

They got into the same carriage.

--

[Underground Palace]

Despite the festivities unfolding in the city, Pearl remained as calm as a lake in here.

She's completely relaxed on her throne, drinking directly from a gourd of alcohol.

She looks too composed, just taking sips after sips.

"Are you saying we're not visiting the city today? We're just gonna sit here and do what? Drink all day?" Jude complained, jumping into the palace from the stony roof.

"Why do we need to go into the city when father will do the job for us. After today, we'll both get what we want and won't even lift a finger." Pearl replied, dropping her gourd.

She rose.

"Also, the main event starts tonight...this morning parade is just the beginning. Calm down, and keep trusting me." She said.

Jude took the gourd she dropped, he drank every drop of alcohol inside, and Pearl sat back, smiling.

"There's one more secret that's unknown to anyone in this city, even Ryker himself. A secret that'd drag him back to me no matter how long it takes." She mumbled.

"What secret?" Jude frowned.

"I called it a secret for a reason, you'll find out in due time." Pearl sneered.

--

[West Palace]

Everyone is dressed and ready to leave for the parade, but Kasia insisted on making them drink Old Chef's tears before they'd leave, so they're all surrounding the center table at the lobby.

Faye was the first to take the cup, drinking from the hot tears.

"Geez! Must it be this sour?" She clenched her fists as she swallowed.

Astor drank too, then Winona, then Blaise.

Kasia drank last.

They stayed around, staring at each other for more than ten minutes after drinking, but nothing happened.

No one confessed anything, no one talked. No one acted strange.

"There's no traitor then, meaning whoever is ruining our investigation is an outsider." Winona said.

"Let's get this feast over with, but remember, we have to get everything done and leave the East Palace before 12am." Kasia said.

"That's a no-brainer." Blaise shrugged.

Everyone left the palace, but Faye and Astor were the last to step out.

They smiled darkly at each other before joining the others.

"Hey! Your hair clip!" Blaise picked one from the ground, and Faye snatched it from him.

"Snatching it wasn't necessary, I was going to give it to you, mean girl." Blaise said.

"No thanks" Faye flipped her hair, and it slapped him in the face as she marched to the carriage.

Blaise stood there for a heartbeat, sniffling the scent of her hair wash in his nostrils till Winona nudged him.

"Oh...I spaced out" He said, awkwardly getting into the carriage.

--

[Liza Kings Mansion]

"Everyone in Luminaria knows that Shayla is your daughter now, so there's no way they'd vote for you to win the beauty contest, just give up." Kade said, brushing his hair.

Liza is behind him, dressed in the most gorgeous robe combination ever. She looks as good as always.

"I'm not going to this feast for the beauty competition this year. I'm going because of what we need to do. Don't twist it." She replied.

"And you mustn't get it wrong, at all. Our family legacy depends on this." Kade said sternly.

"I know, I only have to sign a blood pact on her in the crowd, quit the sternness and move." Liza walked past him, going out of the door.

--

[Streets Of Luminaria]

It's loud, joyous and celebratory.

Wealthy carriage convoys and horses, alcohol in the hands of everyone and several drunk people.

Music from the city tower is shaking the whole city, pounding on the walls,  drums of joy and dancing crowd.

It's a mood-brightening galore, and there's no single sad face.

It's historical, so no car in sight today... just carriages and horses and poor pedestrians.

Zeke and Azura are in the same carriage in the front, but no words were spoken.

Granny Jojo and Tara are occupying the next carriage as the palace matriarchs, but also... malice filled the carriage, no words spoken.

The twins occupied the next carriage, they're also not talking to each other.

Soren is playing his qin, and so many city girls from his window side are gassing him up as their love.

The following carriage belongs to Pearl and Jude, but it's empty since they're both absent.

Shayla and Cheyenne occupied the next one, and it even beats the royal carriages.

This one is decked with treasures, and it's glossing with the sun.

Shayla couldn't stop buying from the street foods, filling her stomach while watching the parade through the carriage window.

The people began running their mouths nonstop.

"The partner? She's so pretty!"

"Oh to have that face!"

"Her hair, oh heavens! It's so healthy!"

Shayla waved slowly at them, and many waved back.

Cheyenne quickly pulled her head away from the window.

"I was just waving," Shayla complained.

"You can't just smile at everyone, your ladyship. These people don't like you or the demigod, they're only obsessed with the beauty of the two of you." Cheyenne said.

Shayla ate a piece of strawberry, and someone peeped into the carriage from the right door.

"Xena!" Shayla brightened up.

"Shay" Xena chuckled, and when she tried to enter, Cheyenne stopped her.

"You rejected the robes he sent...this carriage belongs to him so you shouldn't enter." 

"I know you have beef with me, but this is going too far, Shay is here and I just want to say hi." Xena replied.

"Cheyenne, please let her in." Shayla said quickly.

"No. She'd probably come in here to defend that old wuss again." Cheyenne declined.

"The old wuss is my father!" Xena barked.

"Same father who planned the killing of your damn mother?" Cheyenne replied angrily.

There was  dead silence in the carriage after Cheyenne said that.

Shayla's eyes depicted shock, but Xena looks offended.

She punched Cheyenne in the face, and Cheyenne's head slammed on the carriage body.

"No... Cheyenne! Xena stop!" Shayla shouted, pushing her snacks bowl away from her laps.

"Is that the lies Ryker fed you and Sage with? Don't talk shit about father or I'll kill you!" Xena spat.

Cheyenne touched her burning face, then she looked at Xena, boiling with blind anger.

"That'd be the last time you ever punch someone you deadhead!" 

And with that, she jumped out of the carriage, following Xena.

In just one minute, she landed close to ten punches on Xena's face, making her bleed.

That angle of the parade scattered so much. Some started hailing Cheyenne while some shifted back.

It's the demigod's sister and knight fighting, so it might escalate.

Shayla came out of the carriage when she couldn't take it anymore.

She only waved her hand, and the two fighters separated magically, one to the right and one to the left.

"Stop! Just stop! Please! Stop fighting!" She shouted at the top of her voice for the first time.

She was panting even more than the fighters.

Xena's face is completely bloody now, and Cheyenne looks like she still wants to throw more punches.

"Cheyenne!" Shayla cautioned.

Cheyenne sighed, facing her reluctantly. "I'm sorry, your ladyship."

Shayla started walking to Xena, but in the middle of the crowd, someone touched her arm.

She halted, quickly bringing the arm up to look at.

Shockingly, there's a blood pact on her arm. It's like someone placed a thumb print there.

"What's this?" She muttered, quickly wiping it.

Inside the twins carriage, Soren stopped playing his qin when he noticed something is going on.

He peeked out the window, and he was shocked to see Xena's bloody face  in the middle of the parading crowd.

He made to come down, but Sadie pulled him back.

"Don't"

He freed roughly himself and came out, pushing past the crowd.

Rumi is in the crowd, watching with hooded eyes till he got to Xena and pulled her to his side.

Cheyenne pulled Shayla closely to her side too, though Shayla is starting to feel dark weirdness in her bloodstream which she can't explain.

From the Grand Supreme carriage, Zeke clicked his tongue, sighing out as he watched Soren through the window.

"Are you really into the Old Chef's daughter, Soren?"

He expected Azura to talk, but nothing came, so he turned to see her seat is empty.

"Where did she...go?" He muttered, stepping out of the carriage.

Everyone around bowed with their knees and head to the ground.

Inside the Grannies carriage, Tara suddenly couldn't find Jojo anymore too, so she stepped down, meeting Zeke in the front.

"I told you... didn't I?" She muttered.

Zeke looks disheveled immediately.

--

[Vega Mansion]

Esme planned to be the center of the parade, she knowingly left her mansion very late.

She's rocking better robe than Liza's this year, and she's so proud of it, impatient for when Zeke would take it off from her body tonight.

She's becoming the new Palace Madame tonight.

It's historical, but she's going in a car. No one can stop her anyways.

Maids were carrying her long robe behind like a wedding dress as she walked to the car, but her phone suddenly beamed.

Her smile cracked.

It's Mercury.

"Baby, are you enjoying the parade without me?" She picked.

"The Mirror Maze, be there in five minutes, and you're to come alone, or your daughter goes off." A husky voice said.

Esme's eyes popped wide.

"I dunno who you are, but if you dare touch my daughter! If you dare to—"

The line went flat, and she gasped, throwing the phone to the ground.

She jumped into the car, closing the door on some of her robe material.

She drove off on her own.

--

[Mirror Maze]

Mercury is tied to the ceiling, but the rope is on her ankles instead of her neck, so her body is upside down.

The maze is hot, reacting to the sun outside, so she's soaked with sweat.

"I swear if you touch a hair on my head, my mother will kill you!!! Do you even know who my father is? You have no idea!!!" She yelled psychotically.

"Ain't no one getting freaked with that dry threat. Your Pa is dead, and that's why your mother is a husband thieving bîtch so shut up!" A harsh voice creeped in.

Mercury's hearts skipped.

She recognizes that voice even if she's not seeing the face from her upside down position.

"Madame Azura?"

"You're sharp," Azura replied from where she stood beside the wall.

Granny Jojo is sitting on a chair beside her, and the old woman looks as determined as her daughter.

"Why the hell would you abduct me? I'm best friends with your twins and I did nothing wrong!" Mercury cried.

"Did you not hear when she said your Mama is a bîtch who's having an affair with Grand Supreme Zeke?" Granny Jojo said.

Mercury recognized her voice too.

"Wait... Grandmother Jojo? Please tell me it's not you what have I done!!!" She yelled, feeling like her heart is sitting on her throat.

She vomited the cream puffs she ate cos her stomach got upset so fast.

"And did you just say my mother is having an affair with the Grand Supreme? Find another lie you old fools! Let me go!!" She screamed.

Azura pulled the rope on her ankles, and Mercury swung left, right without stop.

Her eyes turned wildly, her ankles peeled as the ropes digged in, her hair swept the floor, and she vomited again, crying.

"Let go of me!!!"

"Mercury! Mercury!!" Esme's voice came from outside.

Mercury gasped.

"Mother!!" She yelled in tears.

Esme ran inside,gasping.

"Oh my goodness! Baby!" She started running to her.

Azura appeared with a thunder-charged metal which she pointed at her with sharp aim.

Esme stopped, frowning.

"It's you? Madame Azura?"

"Yes, the woman you share a husband with." Azura said, pushing the metal closer to her head.

Esme's eyes went to the right, and when she saw Jojo sitting, she laughed out suddenly, the sound so shameless and high.

"So...this is a mother and daughter thingy? Aren't you both ashamed? I'm dating your husband? So what!! He met me by himself, proposed an affair to me and I got on the wheel with him cos I'd be insane to not actually accept! I mean...my husband has been dead since long, and I needed a new man to cure my longing! He chose me over you not only because I'm more useful, but because I'm also prettier! You can't even compare to me, shameless old dog!" Esme spewed.

Angrily, Azura slapped the metal on Esme's head.

Esme flew to the ground, but the thunderbolt didn't work on her... She looks fine.

Azura's eyes widened.

"You have nothing but this useless thunder ability which you stole from your idiotic mother, and you think it'd work on me? Do you even know who I am? Azura, do you?" Esme spat.

She stood from the ground, laughing derisively.

The metal fell from Azura, and Jojo stood from her chair, looking too stunned to speak.

Mercury is still crying on her hanging rope, her body dangling side to side.

"Talking about usefulness, what else did you do for my sweetheart Zeke except giving him children like a baby making machine? What else!!" Esme demanded to her face.

Azura couldn't speak, but she's shaking.

"I knew you'd soon get suspicious, and my secretary would be your surest bet, so I told him to tell the truth whenever you came. I expected this! You're nothing but a tool and a fool to my Zeke, wake the hell up!" Esme yelled.

That was followed by a thunderous slap from Azura, and it resounded as it landed hard on Esme's face.

But Esme is a rage-baiting bîtch, so she didn't retaliate.

She just laughed, and Azura slapped her again.

"Slap all you want, fool! Zeke would massage it for me with a good fûck tonight on your bed!" Esme spat.

Azura's hand stopped midair, body shaking more than before.

Esme's red eyes didn't blink, and Jojo's eyes are still wide.

Mercury's tears kept pouring.

"That was some entertaining shit-show," a deep voice bounced down from the maze top metals.

The eyes of the three women went up, and they were dumbstruck to see Ryker standing there, looking like the worse of evil with Sage beside him.

"Ryker" Jojo muttered.

"Bastard" Azura said.

Esme took the opportunity quickly. She dropped Mercury's rope from her ankles and released her.

She carried her and ran out of the maze.

Ryker moved from his spot, feeling that stabbing pain from his chest again, but he didn't care.

He descended down, landing in front of mother and daughter.

Sage used the staircase.

"You have no business being here!" Azura said, and she received a brutal strike from Ryker immediately.

Her body whacked on the mirrored wall, breaking it and pushing her into the mirror ruins.

A thick chain from nowhere wrapped on her neck like a collar, choking her.

"Zura!" Jojo gasped.

"You turned 700 today, and there's a century-old belief that if you kill a 700 year old Luminaria on her birthday, her memories will be filtered out of her offsprings head. Meaning, your kids will forget they ever had a mother." Ryker muttered, each word infused with vengeance.

"Ryker...no." Jojo gasped again, getting where he's heading with this.

Azura was already spitting blood beside the wall where she's chained.

"I intentionally made you witness Esme's real identity as Zeke's real woman, Even in death, you'd never rest. Your spirit will keep roaming the afterlife and you won't ever find peace" Ryker continued.

The words left his mouth so easily, and he strolled away from his spot, looking at the two women through his lowered dark lashes, his steps careful and calculated.

"Are you doing this cos of your mother?" Azura gagged.

Ryker stopped on his tracks, retracting the one step he was about to take.

"Your father Anatoli touched me first! Also, I was still madly in love with Zeke back then, that's why I told him to kill the man who touched me with his family, but then we got to your household and saw your wife who has just birthed you, the ice demigod...we couldn't resist the thirst for power!!" Azura cried, pitifully.

"Anatoli knew about your wickedness and your pick me dedication to Zeke, and that's why he approached you in that bar. He picked you for his plans, and you did just what he wanted cos you've always been a wench, which is why I'm starting with you! You're on the bottom of my list, and today is your last living day! I'm dedicating today to your death." Ryker smiled mercilessly.

"Happy 700th birthday, Azura Millions." 

He stretched his palm forward, and an ice sword formed on it, so long and sharp and pitiless.

"No... Ryker no!!! You can't kill my only daughter! You can't!!!" Jojo went on her knees.

Her matriarch crown fell, letting her grey hair loose.

"Ryker you can't!!! Ryker!!!"

Ryker kicked her out of the way, and she slumped back.

She pulled out her mirror, but Ryker returned the mirror flash to her. She went blind, and deaf.

"Mother! Mother Mother!!!! Mother!!!!!!" Azura cried hauntingly by the wall, shaking the maze with the painful depth.

"You don't even know what's coming for you, Ryker. I'm sure you're already feeling it!" She rushed, but if that was an attempt to stop him, it failed woefully.

Ryker's ice sword pierced into her chest, and her blood splashed his face, wetting him with satisfaction.

Azura's body went still on that wall, her blood flooded the ground till it soaked Granny Jojo's body.

The chain on her neck pulled her up till she got to the ceiling, and a quick decomposition happened.

Her body experienced decay very fast...on the spot.

As the body parts decayed, they fell to the ground, one by fuckin one.

Hands, legs, head, bowels, stomach components.

Everything fell off till only her heart is hanging on the ceiling with the ice sword in the middle.

Ryker smiled eerily, the sight so terrifying with that bloody face.

Sage looked at the body on the ground, the heart hanging on the ceiling, then at Ryker's unfeeling face.

He nearly peed on himself.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 70•71•72

BEWARE TO COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW, or we go on another break here. VERY SIMPLE.

REPLY EVERY OF MY COMMENTS, DROP YOURS, LIKE AND SHARE MASSIVELY.

MAKE IT COMPLETE B4 7PM.

★

[2 Minutes Later]

After Ryker and Sage left, Lilith sneaked into the maze using the top metals. From there, she jumped down, but she overestimated herself cos her legs cracked, meaning dislocation.

"Darn it! Can't even teleport, can't descend heights or levitate to travel in the air, all I've got is this stupid banshee scream!" She scolded herself, straightening up.

She limped towards Granny Jojo, and at the same time, she was looking up at Azura's heart on the ceiling.

"Does my husband take classes on how to kill brutally or what? Geez! I wanna puke!" She leaned on the wall, held her stomach and coughed, but she only retched.

Nothing came out.

She took pictures of the rotten body and hanging heart and sent them to the Grand Supreme with the message...

"Your Wife Is Dead Finally, You Must Be Very Happy, Evil Man!"

She pocketed the phone and started dragging Jojo's body out.

"Now that Azura is gone, I'll have to make do with you as my only confidante, Grandmother." 

--

[Wellness Haven]

Despite Mercury's insistence that she's fine, Esme was adamant.

She brought her here anyways, and the alchemists are currently doing a wellness check on her.

Mercury kept her blank eyes open throughout, looking like she's tired of life. She didn't even blink once.

Esme stood by the wall, phone in hand as her fingers rushed to text Zeke quickly.

Esme: Sweetheart, your worthless wife found out, and she abducted my daughter. I dunno what she was thinking, but I got Mercury back anyways. Ryker arrived unexpectedly, and I'm not sure if Azura is still alive. He seemed to be targeting her.

She was expecting Zeke's reply when the alchemists got done with Mercury's health check.

"She's fine, no internal damages done, but get her the calming herb bottle from the outer shop when leaving, she seems to be in a state of shock." The alchemists reported.

"I'll do that," Esme nodded, going to Mercury. She sat beside her.

"Baby, I think you should go home and rest till the night munching. The parade will soon end so you don't have to go back, and you don't have to attend the lantern hanging ceremony too. Just rest." She persuaded, stroking her hair.

"Get your hands off me," Mercury muttered, still not blinking.

"Baby?" Esme drawled.

"I said get your hands off me!!!" Mercury yelled, throwing her hand away and standing from the bed.

"So this is it? The reason you kept telling me to get over Soren was because you're in a relationship with his father you shameless wh0re!!" She screamed, not minding the alchemists around.

"Mercury!" Esme rose.

"How could you, just how!!! When did father die? Just last year, his ashes is still fresh in the urn inside my room, and this year you're already in an affair with Grand Supreme—the father of my bestie, the father of the boy I love, the husband of the mother of the two of them! Have you no shame? You know how much I like Soren so why are you doing this to me! Why!!!"

Mercury was shedding real tears as she said the hurtful words, and Esme was confused for a while.

She had to send the alchemists out with a snap before replying.

"Mercury, listen to me. Your father is dead, and i have nothing in this city except the ballet school. It was already falling apart when the Grand Supreme proposed an affair to me! I couldn't say no! I'll become the Palace Madame, and no one in this city will be able touch you or look at your face without bowing. Zeke is going to adopt you, and you'll become a Princess like Sadie. Don't you want to be in the same level as Sadie?" 

She persuasively held Mercury's arms as she poured out the words, but Mercury shrugged her off.

"No!!! I don't care about the benefits! Do you know how much I struggled before Sadie could become my friend? That girl liked nobody except her brother, and she's the reason Soren became my friend too! And one thing about Sadie? She can hate!!!"

"She hates too much, you think she'd buy me wrapped gifts if she finds out my mother snatched her father? She'd kill me! Now let's talk about Soren, you think there'd be a future between us if you become his father's new wife? You never think about me, it's always you... selfish wh0re!!!" 

"Mercury!!!" Esme grabbed her again.

"What!!!!" Mercury yelled, pushing her away before laughing crisply like a incurable maniac.

"You taught me to get what I want even if lives have to go with it, so don't expect me to thread carefully on this. I hate you!!!" She spat saliva at her and walked out of the haven.

"Oh..." Esme gulped, turning around confusedly on her spot.

"Mercury!!"

--

[Parade]

Since Jojo and Azura went missing, Zeke and Tara sat in the same carriage.

The parade is almost ending though, time is past 3pm. It'd end in an hour.

"Why didn't you go after them? They're probably up to something corny." Tara spoke up.

"No matter what they're up to, it'd only hasten my plans. I planned everything so meticulously that every move would result in my victory. Don't sweat about it." Zeke replied, and his phone buzzed.

Pulling it out, he frowned when he saw the text from Lilith.

The number isn't saved.

Before he could start trying to decipher it, another text came in from Esme.

He smiled after he read that one, then he read Lilith's text again, understanding what it means.

"Azura is dead, I told you it'd work in my favor. I was planning to get rid of her today, turns out the bastard fid it for me." 

"It's for revenge, and he obviously started from the bottom of the list if he killed Azura first, who's next?" Tara faced him.

"He won't be able to carry on, he's dying." Zeke grinned, and the old woman sighed.

"But he's cruel as he should be, he killed her on her 700th day? I bet all her offsprings forgot about her already." Tara sighed.

"Except Pearl, that witch is a demigoddess anyways," Zeke sucked his teeth.

The clamour around their carriage suddenly went down, signifying the entrance of someone important.

Tara and Zeke looked back, and they weren't amazed to see Ryker entering the parade.

Azura's blood is still on his face, and his focus is unknown. He's just staring at nothing in particular.

His eyes are straight as he walked the parade grounds. Everyone bowed in fear, moving out of the way and creating a large walkway for him in the middle like he's the king.

"Look at the huge fear on the people's faces...it's annoying." Tara muttered.

"More reason he has to go. I own this city, people can't keep worshipping him." Zeke sighed, relaxing.

"The pain he'd be feeling right now is insane, but the bastard knows how to mask pains, too much." 

Ryker's eyes met with his own inside that carriage, and both of them refused to look away.

It's like a deadly staring competition, but Ryker's eyes are a warning of casualties, dark and grim.

"Bastard," Zeke muttered, looking away first.

--

[Shayla's Carriage]

Since the end of the fight, Xena was taken away by Soren.

Cheyenne stayed back in the carriage with Shayla.

Cheyenne has been busy on her tablet, but Shayla has been struggling inwardly with the change she's experiencing. Her blood is becoming hot—too hot to stay inside her body.

She's boiling inside.

It started since she saw a blood thumb print on her arm earlier during the fight. 

What could it mean?

"I knew it, of course he'd take the opportunity to sell his ugly treasures." Cheyenne scoffed, her eyes still buried inside her tablet.

"What's that?" Shayla asked.

"Oh...it's a scum in Russia. His name is Caspian Yusluv, he owns a jewelry conglomerate too. Rich, but his wealth is only half of his lordship's. He's not a competitor at all, but he loves inserting himself into the the game."

"The day we lost billions in Frost H2O cos his lordship came home to attend to you, this scum took the opportunity to distribute more newly developed treasures to his own branches, so his net worth went up, and he's bragging about it in the human internet." Cheyenne explained, bringing the tab closer.

"Wanna see a picture of the scum?" 

"No no no. I don't want to see anyone's face." Shayla quickly rejected, and Cheyenne turned off the tablet, focusing more on her.

"Are you ok?"

Before Shayla could answer, they felt reduction in the parade noise, and their eyes went up.

Everyone's bowing, stepping out of the way and taking their presence away from the carriage body.

"He's here," Cheyenne said, getting out of the carriage.

A second later, Ryker came in, and Shayla couldn't stop staring at his bloody face as he settled beside her.

"Who died in your hands this time?" She asked, resting her head on his chest without minding.

"Azura," he replied, and she looked up quickly.

"Her?"

He nodded once, looking down at her face. His fingers are already in her hair, caressing.

"You started your revenge on the family already?" She asked.

"That's what it looks like" he replied, and she sighed soundlessly, snuggling closer to his chest.

His ice should be helping her reduce the sudden hotness inside her, but it's not doing anything.

She kept it hidden though, not wanting to give herself away and worry him again.

"What happened when I wasn't here?" He asked suddenly.

"Nothing much, but Cheyenne and Xena fought. Xena was bleeding, Soren took her away." She narrated.

"Good." He replied.

"What's good? The fact that she bled?" She muttered.

"And the fact that Cheyenne handled her. If I did, she'd do more than bleed." Ryker replied.

She lifted her head from his chest.

"Cheyenne said she called you a bastard, and she said you shouldn't have been born cos your birth killed your mother Dominika. She's overprotective of your father." 

Ryker went silent, he just frowned, and it showed in the middle of his full eyebrows.

"Are you seeing something about your father that she's not seeing?" She asked, taking his hands to rub.

"Don't call him my father." He corrected.

"Won't do it again," she said softly.

"I found out he killed his wife, and I still dunno why. He must have found out that killing me with the godslaying sword would give him half of my powers, and he wants that power." He explained.

Shayla stayed calm, but she's still rubbing his fingers.

"The godslayer sword is within the Millions Family, that's why he targeted Azura that night. She'd have killed him directly after he touched her, but he intentionally cried that he had a pregnant wife at home. He already knew Dominika would give birth that day, the plan was clean."

"Azura and Zeke took him to the household where they met Dominika who just gave birth, and seeing me—the child, they grew greedy. Like Anatoli wanted, they killed the wife, and took me away with him and Xena to the palace." 

"Wait...so the main reason Old Chef is a cook in the palace is because... he's looking for the godslayer sword that's hidden in the Millions Family?" Shayla gasped.

Ryker nodded once.

"And I'm guessing he hasn't found it, and you haven't found it too." Shayla muttered, eyes softer than usual.

"Zeke knows the whereabouts of the sword, I'm still investigating." Ryker replied.

"And Rumi? Where did Rumi go that day. Why did she disappear when Zeke and Azura came to kill Dominika?" Shayla asked.

"Under investigation, but it definitely has to do with Anatoli too. Someone high up is working with him in this city." Ryker replied.

Shayla blinked. "Your father is...wicked." she muttered.

"No one's kind-hearted in this city, Firefly. Don't mistake it...We're devils, including me." He replied, but she shook her head, holding his face.

"You're not as wicked as they think. You're kind to me at least." 

"I kill innocents, Shayla. My hands are soaked with their blood, and I'm still going to kill more, and I do not feel guilt. I am exactly the bastard like they call me." He whispered, lowering his eyes.

"Still doesn't mean. You were built to crave blood, and I get you even if others don't." She muttered.

"So...if worse comes to worse and you have to kill the innocent with your fire sword, you'd do it?" He asked.

Shayla went quiet, and her eyes closed as if charmed.

Ryker smiled, pulling her head back to his chest warmly. She fell asleep.

"Remain innocent, simp." he muttered, taking one of her lollipop to his mouth, but it's too sweet, so he just swallowed without eating it.

He held her tighter. The pain inside him is threatening to shred him to pieces. It feels like it's ripping his inner organs apart, one by one, but he kept his cool.

Whatever this pain is, he's aware that he doesn't have much time left.

Meanwhile, outside the carriage, Sage is gulping the third bottle of water, and Cheyenne is laughing at him while rubbing his back.

"We've witnessed many brutal deaths throughout our years of working with him, you should have gotten used to it."

"You won't understand, Cheyenne. He unlocks new ways of killing everyday, and I'm already used to it, but this one... Listen, he stabbed her to the wall with his ice sword, chain-dragged her to the ceiling where her body decomposed and the parts fell off one by one till only her heart was hanging there. Fuck!" Sage drank another bottle.

Cheyenne only laughed more, but she didn't stop rubbing his back.

"I wish I was there, that sounds sweet, c'mon, it's Azura."

"You share the same brutality tendency with his lordship" Sage said.

"Proudly. If any other person except him had killed Azura, then trust me he'd kill the person who killed her. Azura's death was meant to come from him. It's all good." She shrugged.

The smell of walnut pie blew over, and she turned around to see it's available in one of the street stalls.

She kept staring, wanting it but decided to not satisfy her cravings. To her, staring is enough.

"I'll get it for you," Sage said when he saw how hard she's staring.

He was about to crossover to the other side when Cheyenne held him back, and their eyes met.

"I told you, do things because you want them, not because I want them. You're not my servant."

"What do you mean? Buying you a walnut pie doesn't make me your servant." He blinked.

"Buy it, and I won't eat." She replied, and he pulled back secretly hurt.

--

The last noble carriages belongs to the West Palace.

Kasia and Astor shared one, Faye and Blaise shared another.

Winona is the only one inside her own carriage, and she's busy studying the hallway print of the FrostOrb Hall

She's in charge of stealing it tonight during the feast, so she's making the needed preparations. She has studied the print so much that it's now embedded in her brain.

She removed her glasses, sighing. She cracked her neck tiredly.

"Its almost here."

--

[An Exclusive Haven]

Soren brought Xena here for treatment after the fight.

Even after her wounds were healed an hour ago, they didn't leave.

They stayed under a tree shed near the Haven.

Soren has been playing his qin while Xena listened, moving her head with the tunes.

Sometimes, she stared at his face, and sometimes...at his fingers on the strings. He's too good.

"Do you trust your father?" He suddenly asked.

"What do you mean?" She asked back.

He dropped his qin, facing her properly.

"Do. You. Trust. Your. Father? Enough to become your brother's enemy because of him?"

"Of course I do. Father has always been there for me." Xena shrugged.

"I and Sadie once threw you into a poisoned pool, we made Ryker buy Shayla at the dark room before he could release you from the pool." Soren said.

"He saved me because you made him buy Shayla. Trust me, he doesn't do anything without benefiting from it. He probably already knew Shayla was his partner back then." Xena replied, and Soren stood.

"Have you been brainwashed?"

Xena stood too. "What do you mean brainwashed? Your mother is evil, but if someone was trying to kill her, you'd still fight for her, won't you?"

"What mother?" Soren frowned.

"Your mother... Madame Azura." Xena blinked.

"Get your facts straight, I don't have a mother. Let's leave." Soren replied, walking away.

"What's up with him?" Xena muttered in shock, following him anyways.

Rumi came out of a cubicle behind the tree, her hands in her robe pocket and her black lips so ominous.

She has been following them around.

"The bastard probably killed Azura already," she hissed, getting her phone to dial Old Chef.

--

[7:30Pm, Lumi Bridge]

The second part of the feast has started.

City people are standing by the bridge to hang their lanterns on the joy trees on top of the bridge while making joyful wishes alongside.

Some are floating their lanterns on the joy river below the bridge.

Anyone applies.

The bridge is packed, and though Xena came with Soren, he didn't even let her hear what his wish was.

He just whispered it before hanging his lantern on a branch.

Xena did the same, wishing for freedom for her and her father, and wishing for more smile from Soren.

Not far from them, Sadie stood alone, not bothering to hang a lantern.

She's just staring hatefully at them.

"Sadie!" Mercury suddenly caught up with her. 

Sadie didn't move.

"Anything you hear about my mother later, please know that I'm not in support. Your mother is dead and—"

Sadie faced her at this point.

"What mother is dead?" She glared.

"What do you mean? Your mother Madame Azura." Mercury gasped.

"I don't have a mother, don't even add to my rage." Sadie rolled eyes and walked away.

Mercury stood there, awed. 

It took a while before she was able to follow her.

Cheyenne and Sage just finished hanging their lanterns side by side.

"What did you wish for?" Cheyenne asked.

"Why should I tell you?" Sage scoffed.

"Keep it to yourself then," Cheyenne shrugged.

"Your nonchalance is bad," Sage said.

"You said you won't tell me, and I said fineee."Cheyenne blinked.

"I wished for forever happiness for both of us, for his lordship to overcome his enemies, and for him to grow a love thread faster for his partner so he can become more powerful and ascend to the nine heavens with Goddess and us." Sage confessed.

"Sweet, but I'm not saying mine," Cheyenne replied.

"Totally fine." Sage replied, and Cheyenne smiled a little.

Faye and Blaise came with Winona, but Kasia and Astor have gone to the palace already to prepare for the night munching since it's the most important part of the feast.

"I wished for our midnight curse to lift as soon as possible." Winona said after hanging her lantern.

Faye and Blaise hung their lanterns at the same time.

"We're not telling you our wishes," they chorused.

"Whatever" Winona scoffed, and they both laughed out.

"What's up!" Kade joined them.

"Thought you wouldn't be coming," Blaise said.

Kade picked a lantern, made a wish and hung the lantern before facing them.

"Tonight is a night of history, it'd be a crime to not come." 

"What do you mean?" Winona and Faye chorused.

"You'd find out in..." Kade checked his wristwatch. "An hour."

--

[Joy River]

While most people choseto hang their lanterns on trees, Ryker chose the river.

He's on a boat with Shayla in the middle of the river, they're surrounded by the floating lanterns of the people on top of the river.

They're both trying to fold their own lanterns currently.

Ryker intentionally slowed down, so she was the first to finish folding.

"I finished before you!" She raised it.

"As you should," he replied gently, finishing his own too.

With her mind, Shayla put fire in the middle of the lanterns.

They closed their eyes to make wishes, but Ryker opened his eyes after a short while.

He faced to her, staring hard at her as her lips moved, her wishes coming out in a whisper which he's hearing.

As he listened, he's making his own wish with his own mind too.

There's no time anymore.

When Shayla opened her eyes, they both set their lanterns on the river at the same time, and it floated away.

"And it's done! Happy Lantern Feast, Ryshenka!" She gushed.

He pulled her to his laps, and she blinked slowly, wondering why he seems so low-spirited.

He hovered his palm above her left wrist, and a madly beautiful crystal-bead bracelet appeared on that wrist. Color blue and gold.

"It's...pretty." she muttered, touching it with utmost care as if it'd break.

"I formed it from frozen starlight and molten emberstone, a combination of our essence." He smiled.

She brought it to her lips to kiss, liking it more.

"Thank you, Ry."

She could feel coldness on that wrist, oozing from the crystals.

"Wait in the rain," he whispered, stroking her soft cheek.

"What...what do you mean?" She muttered in confusion.

"Happy Lantern Feast, Firefly." He muttered.

She managed to smile, but she just knows something isn't right.

With the fire burning inside her, and with his underlying tone.

"Ry?" She whispered.

Her eyes turned seductively drowsy as she searched his own.

Slowly, he captured her lips, the kiss so deep and ravenous, like he wants to pull out her soul and chew.

Their hardest kiss ever.

She returned the hard energy, with no idea of what's going to come after.

She just kissed his addictive lips like she owned it.

--

[East Palace, 9pm]

The palace munching started since thirty minutes ago—the last part of this feast.

But the last thirty minutes was used by the guests to make their entries, so it's just starting properly now.

The night munch doesn't only include people from Luminaria, there are Grand Supremes and Palace Madames from other non-human cities, and there are important wealthy families too and travelers.

Also, folks from the West Palace.

The East Palace is too full, and one would have to wait for the front coast to clear up before you can walk past a particular lane.

Esme and Liza entered at the same time. Though, their robe materials are equally sophisticated and with the glitters, their rivalry showed just the way it does yearly. 

They rolled eyes at each other as they made their dignified entries.

Winona came in elegantly with other Lumi beauties who'd be partaking in the beauty contest.

Granny Tara is already seated on the matriarch throne inside the main feast hall, and Zeke is seated in the center of his court on his throne too.

The moment he saw Esme, he stood and went to take her up the throne with him.

The woman couldn't stop smiling. It's the best day of her existence.

"I guess I'll open the munching with this announcement," Zeke said, drawing the attention of the thousands of guests to himself.

The hall turned dead silent.

"Azura died this morning, killed by the demigod." he announced.

Shocked whisperings started in the court immediately.

"Madame Azura?"

"Oh my gawd!"

"Just like that?"

"Wait... things are aligning. Don't tell me Esme Vega is the new Madame"

"Right. Esme Vega becomes Esme Millions today. She becomes the new and rightful Madame beside me. Her word is law, and the same respect you accord to me...give it to her. Royal wedding comes after this Feast." He commanded, holding Esme by the waist.

The silence in the hall deepened, the shock eating the people up.

"Welcome home, Esme." Granny Tara stood, holding up her wine flute.

Everyone else did just that.

"Welcome home, Madame Esme!!"

The chorus was so loud that it breathed through the palace walls.

Esme hugged Zeke affectionately.

"I love you so much, Zeke."

"I love you, Esmeralda." Zeke smiled cunningly.

The Feast continued as if Azura wasn't part of this city in the first place. As if she never existed.

There's food everywhere, and the aroma is enough to make anyone hungry, so everyone's eating while waiting for the ballet performance.

Mercury is in the crowd, glaring hatefully at Esme beside Zeke.

Old Chef is somewhere in the crowd too, wondering where the godslayer sword might be.

In the middle of the feast, Ryker entered, walking the middle of the court with composure, his eyes settled solely on Esme and Zeke.

The hallwent silent again, and those that were eating had to drop their cutleries or chopsticks to watch what's going to really happen.

Liza kept checking her time, waiting for when Shayla would strike.

Astor and Kasia are at the back of the royal table, and they immediately sent Winona out of the court.

Getting to the middle, Ryker smiled, so threatening yet painful.

"Congratulations on becoming the new palace Madame, Esme Vega." He said, his deep voice echoing with something unclear.

He picked a cup of stinging alcohol and raised a toast.

Esme, not wanting to drag this too far, took a cup too.

"Thank you, Ryker Morozov," she smiled, standing to raise the glass.

Granny Tara was already awaiting the main show.

Zeke stayed calm.

Old Chef is expectant as fûck at the back of the court.

Cheyenne and Sage entered at the same time, both breathing heavily.

Esme and Ryker lifted their glasses to their lips at the same time.

Instead of drinking the alcohol, Ryker vomited blood into the cup.

Blood mixed with the alcoholic liquid, and his chest slashed into two without a sword or knife.

His blood flowed, so much on the court ground. He started freezing from his feet to the top, very quick.

The cup fell from him, and everyone stood to their scared feet.

"Your Lordship!!!" Cheyenne and Sage began running to the front.

--

[Changing Room]

Since the ballet is the first entertaining part of the feast, the ballerinas are here, all dressed and waiting for when they'd be called in for their performance.

Blaise and Faye secretly left the room, bitch holding the fake FrostOrb wrapped in a thick shawl.

They met Winona outside and handed it to her without a word.

Winona entered the wall, leaving for the FrostOrb room, and they went back into the room.

Shayla finished pinning her leotard and stood, searching for Xena with her eyes. She found her beside the door and went for her.

"Xena,"

"No. I'm not talking to you. Cheyenne probably filled your naive head with lies about father already" Xena turned away from her quickly.

Shayla went to her front.

"Your Pa is a bad man. Ry wouldn't say something bad about someone if the person isn't really bad. You need to be cautious, your Pa is not who you think he is." She said.

Xena scoffed.

"Listen, Shay. Ryker would do anything to make me hate father and come to his side, lies included. You're the one who needs to wake up and see! He's evil!"

"Yes he's evil, but he has been showing you kindness, and he even put you in the ballet school with me—"

"Oh, that?" Fine! I'll forfeit this performance and leave the school! Don't try to school me when you don't know anything" Xena rolled eyes, taking off her leotard.

"Xena!" Shayla snapped.

"Don't shout at me!" Xena snapped back, shocking her. "I won't let you slander my father. We're friends, but don't go too far. The fact that Ryker is fuckin you doesn't give you the right to be his hunt dog too." 

Shayla's arms dropped, her eyes widened. She stepped back once, twice, thrice, unable to believe.

Xena gulped, obviously regretting what she just said, but she just walked out of the hall.

Shayla hugged herself.

It's like that harsh statement brought back the hot sting inside her.

She left the hall too, rushing into a washroom where she squatted behind the door, sweating and panting.

The hotness inside her got worse, evil thoughts brewed in her ear.

It's definitely the thumb print on her arm during the parade. That's why she's feeling this insanity.

"Ahhhmm!!!" She groaned, going from squatting to kneeling down.

She blocked her ears with her palms, but that wasn't enough to fight the voices.

Her body burned, embers appeared on her chest and neck and arms. 

Sweat. Flooding sweat.

Her back mark shone, so bright that it outshone the electric lightning in that washroom.

This over-bright shine isn't only because of her pains, it also means Ryker is bleeding. What's going on?

Why would Ryker be... bleeding?

She tried to stand, but it's like something pushed her back to her knees....a wicked weight which crushed her, causing her to cry out.

The embers on her skin spread, and the voices resumed again.

"Go out there, kill everyone at the feast and kill Ryker last. Ascend to the nine heavens alone and become the only demigoddess alive!"

"No!" Shayla growled.

"No!!" She repeatedly, scratching the marbled floor with her short nails.

Then...Liza's cunning image appeared in front of her.

"Do it!" She persuaded.

"No! Leave me!" Shayla pushed her.

Liza vanished, but she appeared at her back.

"Do it!" She whispered in her ear.

"No!!" Shayla screamed, turning back.

Liza laughed loudly, screaming.

"Do it!!!"

"No!!! Leave my head!!!! I'll never kill the innocent! I'll never lay a hand on Ry to hurt him! Leave my head! You're just an imagination, you're not real leave me!!!!!!" Shayla screamed till blood crawled out of her nose.

Stretching an arm forward, she burned Liza's imagination to the ground, then she was able to stand.

She flung the door open, meeting Kade there.

"You actually overcame the effects of the blood pact?" He said shockingly. "Just how powerful are you? How deeply have you fallen for the demigod?"

Shayla grabbed him by the neck, hauled him up and flung his body to the side of the hallway as if he weighted a feather.

Her eyeballs are still rimmed with gold-red, and the embers are still burning viciously on her white skin.

She stepped Kade's body as she left the wall.

She walked past Winona who's now holding the real FrostOrb. She has gone to the FrostOrb room to exchange it with the fake.

Shayla didn't look at her, didn't see her. She's more focused on where she's going—to find Ryker.

She burned down a part of the hall wall, entering through the space.

In front of the court, there's Ryker, but he's already frozen inside his bloody ice. He's now a pillar of ice, and everyone is watching like it's some kind of paid show.

Only Cheyenne and Sage are trying to help. Cheyenne is using her nails on the ice, but she's only hurting herself. 

Nothing his changing.

Sage is beating the ice with his rope, but it's even more useless than Cheyenne's nails.

Shayla rushed forward, pushed them out of her way and hugged the ice, conjuring more fire in her body.

The fire engulfed her completely, burning and razing with fury till her ballet outfit got burnt away, leaving her in just the singlet and tights.

She kept hugging the pillar of ice, melting it with her fire, so fast and effective.

As the ice melted, water filled the court, and most people had to climb tables and chairs so the water don't swallow them.

In just one minute, Shayla finished melting the ice, but there's no Ryker inside. It's like he melted with the ice, and her madness started right there.

"No....Ry. No." She muttered, looking at her own burning hands.

"No...no...no!! Ry!" She knelt inside the ice water and started searching with her hands as if he's inside somewhere.

She acted mad for twenty minutes straight, searching the water.

"Ry.... Ry!!!!"

Tara exchanged glances with Zeke and Esme.

Old Chef exchanged glances with Rumi who's inside the crows.

The ballerinas rushed into the court at this point, and their eyes when they saw that's going on.

Xena gasped.

"Mother..." Sadie remembered.

"Where's mother?" Soren asked him too, their eyes wide.

Meanwhile, the West Palace folks are already rushing out of the East with the FrostOrb.

Cheyenne and Sage fell on their knees too in the middle of the water.

Shayla suddenly stopped searching the water.

Her eyes came up, and the golden intensified when realization hit her.

He's gone.

"Ry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

That scream flushed hot tears out of her eyes, and at the same time, the East Palace caught serious fire, burning bright with the command of the pain in her mind.

"Fire! Ring the fire alarm!!" The a guest screamed as everyone began running for their lives, pushing each other crazily by the door, fearing death, but some are already getting burnt, unable to escape the rage.

As if possessed, Shayla suddenly pushed herself to her feet, ice water dripping off her body.

Her fierce eyes darted to the only person in the court she's aware is capable of this.

Zeke.

In a whim, she super-sped to him.

Esme blocked her, but she gave her a bite on the neck till her flesh pulled off. 

"Mother!!!" Mercury howled.

Shayla landed in front of Zeke, and he couldn't even move even if he wanted to.

She slapped him thrice with her angrily burning palm, blazing.

Zeke's cheek burned, cooked, before tearing off to the floor.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 73•74•75

BEWARE TO COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW, or we go on another break here. VERY SIMPLE.

REPLY EVERY OF MY COMMENTS, DROP YOURS, LIKE AND SHARE MASSIVELY.

MAKE IT COMPLETE B4 7PM.

★

"Zeke!!!" The horrified howl tore out of Esme's throat, following the gory scene in front of her.

Mercury tried to get her out of the burning hall, but she kicked free, swimming closer to Zeke who's still in Shayla's grasp.

Her torn neck is bleeding, and her body is soaked with her own blood which is mixing with the ice water, but she didn't care in the slightest.

"Mother! Mother if you move even one step closer to that place, I'll disown you as my mother!!" Mercury screamed behind her.

She's wallowing pitifully in the water, expecting Esme to stop after that threat, but Esme didn't even hear. Her senses seemed to have left.

She kept going for Zeke.

And Zeke? He's at the verge of going limp in Shayla's hand.

After she tore his cheek with the slap, she had grabbed his throat with a palm. Though, her small hand could barely wrap around his neck, she still lifted him up completely with it.

The energy was unstoppable and dark—too dark for her to control.

She's rapidly losing control, and fire is starting to burn inside her eyeballs too. So intense. So dangerous. Her head is tilted, and there's only one thing in that skull.

Ryker. Her partner.

She dug her nails into Zeke's neck, bursting a vein and spilling cold blood again.

"Zeke!!!!" Granny Tara screamed from where she's finding her footing inside the water.

The palace is flooded with the water, and it's burning at the same time.

The charges screams of the people are still trying to get out took over the palace atmosphere completely, but a lot are getting burnt by the fire and some already drank ice water so much that they're dead and floating on the water.

Zeke's legs were shaking in the air as Shayla kept him in her trap, blood from his torn cheek wet his body, cascading down the water.

He's already gasping for breaths, hell knocking at his door, unable to do a thing about this inescapable captivity.

"Father!!" Sadie and Soren yelled from the door, pure terror registering in their visions.

They ran forward,but the palace guards held them back.

"It's dangerous to go to the front right now. She's dangerous to go closer to! You should get out of the palace first! It'd soon flood away!"

"Let go!! Father is about to die in her hands!!" Sadie yelled.

"Grand Supreme won't die! He won't die like how Madame Azura died in the demigod's hand! Grand Supreme is ten times stronger than her so trust him!" The guards pushed them back again, protectively.

"What did you just say?... The demigod.... killed who?" Soren's eyes widened.

They stopped struggling.

"He killed Madame Azura, and Esme Vega became the new Madame. I thought you both knew, it was announced by the Grand Supreme himself." The guards said, surprised.

"No...no...not possible. Mother can't be dead!!" Sadie shouted.

"But it's the truth! We have to get out of here right now! The palace is collapsing!" The guards pulled them once again, but Sadie broke free.

She went sideways, and the guards were confused about her destination till they saw Xena in that angle.

Xena is standing there, staring shockingly at what Shayla is doing in the front.

Sadie grabbed her tight by the hair, startling her.

"Why don't you come pay for your brother's sins!" Sadie gritted, slapping her to the flooded ground.

The guards bundled her up, tying her arms and legs and mouth.

At Sadie's orders, she was dragged out of the East Palace.

Sadie and Soren followed after.

By the door, Sadie looked back at Zeke who's still struggling.

"You better survive, father. By all means." She muttered before swimming off with her twin.

Liza and Kade were part of the last to make their way out, and there's heavy fear in their eyes.

They kept looking back as they swam.

"We failed, your daughter is more powerful than I expected. Look at several burnt and floating bodies around, and now she's about to kill the Grand Supreme?" Kade smirked, vomiting the water he had drank.

"You can't call this my fault too, let's just get home first!" Liza replied, gurgling as she flooded out with the currents, going after Kade.

Zeke is still hooked in Shayla's merciless grip, and surprisingly, there's still breaths in his lungs. He's still struggling despite the fact that his legs has left the ground since like ten minutes ago, and his neck is still in the middle of her palm.

It's like she's slowly killing him, knowingly.

She's slowly making him pay, slowly ending him.

She has bursted another vein on his neck, making two loss, and he's already foaming from the mouth.

Esme and Granny Tara are highly helpless inside the water. They couldn't even go close for the fear of her fire, they could only watch the horror play.

They're the only ones who are still here besides Cheyenne and Sage.

"If...if you...kill me. You'll never be able to..." Zeke spoke up, coughing out blood to Shayla's cold face.

"...to find Xena's lifeline. You'll never be able to" he grinned, foaming agonizingly again.

That threat only made her choke him more, and the fire in the palace walls engulfed it completely.

The walls started crumbling down, black and burnt and in total ruins.

"We have to stop her," Sage said.

"Stop what? Zeke has to die" Cheyenne glared.

"You don't understand! She's losing control, and it's bad! Look at her skin,  her fire is burning her too!" Sage shouted, and Cheyenne had a look, frowning when she saw it's true.

"Shit,"

As if Shayla could hear them, her hand slipped out of Zeke's neck, the bracelet on her wrist glittered with the fire, and she slumped back.

Before she could land in the water, Cheyenne levitated forward, catching her in her arms.

Zeke's unconscious body fell in Esme's arms, too.

Tara covered them.

"This isn't over," Sage promised.

"In fact, it's only just getting started. It's never over till this city razes to the ground later." Cheyenne added.

With a fast twist, the vanished with Shayla's body.

--

[Rumi's Place]

Old Chef is seated on a low chair while Rumi sat on a table in front of him with her legs up.

They both seems to be lost for words, or maybe processing what they're gonna say to each other.

They're part of the first set of people to escape the burning palace.

They came here with one of the palace garage cars which Old Chef had stolen.

They both let out sighs at the same time, and Rumi jumped down from the table she's on.

"We could have taken Xena with us, why abandon her in there? What if she gets burnt? You know how dangerous that bitch's fire is. Last time, I was lucky cos I found a small cube of his ice, but now he's gone and his ice is nowhere so anyone who gets caught by her fire is gone!"

"Xena can survive anywhere! She'd survive on her own! I can't drag her into this with us. We both are better team, dragging her in with us would be unnecessary! She'd ruin things with her slow-witted personality!" Old Chef argued.

Rumi laughed shortly before grabbing him by the collar of his rumpled robe.

She pushed him to the table, slammed his flat arse on the surface forcefully.

"You seem to be forgetting... I might be crushing on the same guy she's crushing on, I might have left her since we were young, she might be the boring sister I complain about everyday, but she is still my sister, my only sibling!" She spat.

"Rumi—"

"The twins would have remembered Azura now that Ryker is gone, and you know how those two operate, they'd wanna take it out on her. If anything should happen to Xena, I'll have to kill you, father." She threatened, leaning down with a sick as fûck smile.

"I'm a crackhead, you know that. You don't take chances with me, I know how cunning you can be." She whispered before letting his collar go roughly.

She pulled open a attached drawer on the table and got herself a roll of good weed, sparkling fire on it from a single matchstick.

Behind her, Old Chef smiled a filthy type, running his tongue inside his mouth before standing up.

"Of course, I know you still share a unbreakable bond with your sister, and I wouldn't wanna ruin that. Xena is going to be fine, trust me."

"Now what? The next step?" Rumi replied, sitting her ass back on the table. She blew smokes out of her nostrils.

"Your mother Dominika suffered in abject poverty till her death, all because I spent all savings to buy blood. She suffered in vain for a worthless child, more reason why we shouldn't suffer the same fate." Old Chef said, pulling out maps and web sheets out of his backpack.

He dropped them on the table.

"I've been making findings about his wealth for more than hundred years, that bastard kept it hidden so well that even Zeke couldn't find it out, but I did." He said.

Rumi checked the maps out attentively, one by one, and she had to drop her blunt when it got to a point so she'd focus more.

"Human world?" She looked up. "Branches in almost all existing countries? That's insane money! I mean... insane, insane money!"

"I'm telling you," Old Chef chuckled, getting himself a cup of margarita.

"He deals with jewelries? Treasures? No wonder the Shayla bîtch always had tons of jewelries in her hair and clothes!" Rumi gasped again.

"You know what I'm talking about. Now we have to find a way to pay the managers of the crossover ladder and travel to the human world to take what's ours." Old Chef said.

"Pay the managers?" Rumi scoffed, dropping the maps and papers.

"Do you know how I survived alone for this long? It's because I never had to pay for everything." She held Old Chef's collar again, smiling.

"The East Palace collapsed, and according to flying rumours, the West Palace took the FrostOrb. This city is currently in chaos, so it'd be easy to put a obeisance spell on the managers. I heard they're powerful, so if the spell doesn't work, I'll just kill one or two. We'll move tommorow morning." 

"As usual, you're a great pick." Old Chef smiled.

                 {350 Yrs Ago}

It's Dominika's due date, and Anatoli is already preparing to go to the bar as planned.

He's currently on phone with his Master like he calls him.

He's in his room, talking in low whisperings.

"Yeah, I'm ready to go. Like you said, the bar is exclusive and only visited by wealthy people like the Millions Family, how do I get the entry tag?" 

"When you get to the circuit entrance, tell your name to the guards, and they'd let you in. I had everything planned, nothing would ruin that. How many hours left before your wife water breaks?" The Master's voice came clearly.

"An hour at most?" Anatoli gulped, looking around.

"Good, now is the right time for you to go to the bar," The Master's voice instructed.

"Are you sure this would work though? The godslayer sword is really in the Millions Family?" Anatoli asked.

"I tipped you off about the kind of child your wife is carrying, and we've worked together for this long, think I'd betray you?" The voice said.

"Fine... I'll stick to plan. What about one of my twins? I told you I don't want the two of them to follow me to the palace. One should at least stay outside." Anatoli said.

"I'll send someone to take one of them away to a motherless camp,just give me a name." The voice replied.

"Rumi. Rumi has more potential with that blonde hair. Take Rumi and keep her for me." Anatoli decided.

               {Present Time}

"The place I grew up at before you found me, where exactly was that place anyways? It's like a motherless camp." Rumi asked.

"How would I know? You were kidnapped on the day I was taken to the palace with Xena and Ryker, so I have no idea." Anatoli replied.

"But after we get the wealth, we'll make investigations about the place. For now, let's focus on the bag."

"Of course," she smiled.

--

[West Palace]

"Cheers!!!" The glasses of everybody came together to clink loudly in celebration. They brought their sparkling champagne rims to their lips to drink at the same time.

"That hits different!" Blaise shouted after gulping everything.

"Of course, victory and success hits different! Gawd, I'm so happy!" Winona drank all of hers too.

"This won't be possible if not for Winona. My first daughter is like the heaven-sent of this family." Kasia said, hanging her arm on Winona's shoulders.

She looks drunk cos they've been drinking for long anyways.

"Of course, give praises to who deserves it! Winona is that bae!" Faye hailed, and Winona smiled.

"Not just brilliant, but also pretty, I'm so glad I'm your stepfather! So glad to have such a great stepdaughter! In the future when you get married, your husband should better be a live-in son-in-law cos we can't afford to let our brainiac go!" Astor said, looking so drunk too.

"Y'all are praising me too much, my head might just burst!" Winona laughed, raising her cup.

"But I love it!" She screamed, laughter  cracked from everyone again.

They poured another round of champagne to gulp.

"It's just so sad that we didn't even get to see the winner of the beauty contest," Faye said.

"Tell me about it! We didn't even get to dance our ballerina! Something we've been practicing for two months!" Blaise staggered.

Winona removed the shawl covering the FrostOrb on the center table.

The divine blue shine took over the whole palace, bursting out of the windows and open door, reflecting in their eyeballs.

"Fûck! I feel so energetic just looking at it!" Kasia hugged it drunkenly.

"Me too!" Astor hugged it with her.

"But Winona...last time you tried to go closer to this FrostOrb, you got so brutally wounded that we spent the whole night healing you, why was it so easy this time?" Faye asked.

"I dunno too..." Winona sighed, dropping her cup.

"I even wore our family blackgem anklet as protection against the orb flash in case it tried to hurt me again, but surprisingly, I got there and carried it, replaced it with the fake and got out as if I carried nothing! It was so light too. I mean...I expected it to be more heavy." She explained.

"We do not care, we have the FrostOrb, and only that matter! Tommorow, we take this city back!" Blaise slammed the table.

"When are our clansmen arriving?" Astor asked.

"In an hour?" Kasia grinned.

"Cheers!!" They clinked glasses again, drinking till every single one of them dropped drunk on the couches except Astor and Faye.

They both left the lobby after a while, they went outside.

"As much as I wanna kill them already, their stupidity is so entertaining to watch. Astor said, hands pocketed.

"Me too, their deaths can't just come that easily...let's watch them take the city with the orb, let's watch their downfall again for the second time." Faye replied, bumping her knuckles with his own.

"I have a feeling though," Astor suddenly said.

"Let's hear it," Faye faced him.

"Blaise. I heard redheads have the sweetest cores, so whenever it's time to eat them, leave Blaise for me." Astor replied.

Faye smiled, but it's humourless.

"Blaise has always been mine to deal with. You can take Winona and Kasia, but Blaise? He dies in my mouth." 

"I was only joking, daughter. Don't take it too serious." Astor grinned.

"Tommorow morning is almost here, almost fuckin here!" Faye laughed.

The clansmen appeared from every nook and cranny of the palace, so many of them carrying bottles of alcohol for celebration.

Within a minute, the palace became noisy, rowdy, loud.

The celebration widened.

 --

[Liza Kings Mansion]

Pacing around the mansion is Liza, sweating not only because of the heat in the city, but also because of her inner turmoils.

Kade sat on the bare ground, staring into space.

His neck has imprints from when Shayla flung him earlier, and it's hella painful, but thankfully, it's not her fire.

If she had hurt him with her fire, he'd be long dead by now.

He suddenly stood from the ground he's sitting on.

"Don't tell me you're going to start blaming me again" Liza spoke before him.

"What were you expecting? Praises while I stroke your hair as the best mother alive? You're ass!" Kade retorted, and she smiled.

"I tried my best, Kade. I did all I could. It was dangerous to get closer to her during the parade and put the pact on her, but I still did! She overcame the effect of it, and you saw how she burned down the East Palace despite Ryker's ice water, and somehow... it's still my fault?" 

"Yes!! You didn't work hard enough! When you called me from school that day and started telling me to jot down your plans before they'd disappear from your head, I took it too serious cos there was gonna be benefits in it for me, but now it's all my own stupid imagination, you're still your stale, useless self! Still the same!" Kade spat angrily, and what happened after that had him shocked.

Liza jabbed him in the face with her palm, and his head slumped back. He landed on the floor with a drift, rolling violently to the couch. 

His body caved into the inner metals of the couch, and a tiny rod pierced his stomach.

He bled, redness to the tiled group, and one of his stomach intestines peeked out through the rod cut. He quickly held it, looking up gobsmacked.

"Your powers..." He groaned.

"I got them back the moment Shayla resisted the effects of the pact I signed on her. Turns out she doesn't harbor hatred for me in her mind, isn't she such a great daughter?" Liza replied, looking at her own palms.

Kade gasped again, holding his bleeding stomach tighter.

Liza squatted beside him, and he quickly shifted back, suddenly trembling.

"And that's why you should watch how you talk and act around me, or you know I have a secret on you too... A secret that'd ruin you." Liza smiled down at him, stroking his hair.

"M... mother..." He stuttered, wallowing saliva.

"Don't be scared, son. Just be a good boy, and we'll be good." She smiled again, standing up.

"By daybreak, I'll find my daughter and pay her a visit. Now that her partner is gone, she needs all the motherly care she can get." 

--

[Underground Palace]

Pearl already changed her position.

She's not on the throne anymore, she's now by the window of the throne room, staring out at the beautiful bright night.

At the moon sitting in the sky, and at the stars playing and twinkling around it.

A glad smile adorned her face, and it never faded. It kept widening.

"Everything happened just like I predicted, that's enough reason to pop some alcohol, but not just yet..." She stepped away from the window and went to the bone wall clock to check the time.

"Perfect! I have to go now...he needs me now more than ever!" 

"Go where?" Jude appeared behind her, and she turned with a giggle.

"Go to him, you heard me right." 

"Are you playing me? Is this a sick game?" Jude came closer.

"Concentrate!" Pearl snapped at him.

Jude clenched his fists, face tightening.

"Don't ruin things with your impatience, and listen to me," she brought her voice down before leaning to his ear.

She whispered inaudible words for a minute before stepping away.

 Jude nodded. "Understood,"

"Good. Now wait till I tell you to move. You have plenty of time. Just guard this palace till I'll be back." Pearl smiled, walking out briskly.

Now it's Jude's turn to stay by the window, and before he knew it, he was smiling at the stars.

--

[Luminaria, Granny Jojo's Household]

Thanks to the fact that Azura shared some valuable secrets with Lilith before her death, she knew to take Granny Jojo here after dragging her unconscious body out of the maze earlier.

This household is called Lannister Household, and thankfully, they all like Jojo here, so they took over immediately.

They've been taking care of her by themselves...both the young and old members of the household.

Lilith just stood at a corner, watching as they tried to bring back Jojo's eyesight and hearing ability.

Looks like she can't even talk cos she's just staring at everyone like a dummy. Ryker did her very bad.

The household have been busy with her since she brought her in the afternoon, but there's still no improvement, and now it seems they're all starting to get tired.

Things won't get better unless Ryker himself says so, and Ryker himself is gone totally.

Lilith looked at the ring on her finger, smiling creepily.

"I love you, Ryker, but sometimes...your evilness drives me too crazy." She muttered, looking back at Granny Jojo's immobile body.

"You have to get better, Jojo. I have only you by my side now. My banshee ability won't buy me survival."

--

[Royal Wellness Haven]

Esme and Zeke are both on treatment beds, side by side with alchemists administering herbs and healing powders on them... anyone they could get their hands on.

Esme is conscious, neck bandaged since it's the only wounded part of her body, but Zeke is still unconscious.

His burnt cheek looks so hideous, and they can't even cover it with wools or plaster cos it'd only get worse.

The neck veins got rejoined, but his neck is still swollen, it it's bandaged. That part is still very much easier than the cheek.

Healers have been going from pillar to post, trying to heal the cheek, but it's not effective.

Nothing is effective.

Esme kept ordering them not to stop, so the healers aren't stopping even when they're all exhausted shaking and losing energy. They kept trying.

No changes. Nothing.

Zeke's burnt cheek remained the same—ugly and black.

"Stop!" Tara suddenly ordered.

"Granny they have to continue!" Esme jumped down from the bed.

"I said stop!" Tara ordered the healers again, and they gave up.

"Granny..." Esme faced her.

"Don't you get it?" Tara scoffed, looking at Zeke's body on the bed.

"It's Shayla's fire, so it'd never heal unless with Ryker's ice, and Ryker's ice is nowhere cos he's gone!" Tara slammed the words to hit deep.

"But his face can't stay burnt like this for life...it can't. My husband can't stay with that scary face." Esme said.

"Unfortunately, he'd have to stay with the scary face forever. In fact, it'd help plant his fear in the mind of the people, cos that burn wound is never going to heal." Tara said.

Esme started crying.

"Stop the tears!" Tara snapped.

Esme slapped her palm over her mouth, sniffling.

"His burnt face means nothing. In the end, we'll overcome everything. We started this, and we'll finish it. His face will be the last thing we focus on. For now, focus on your godslaying ability. Very well." Tara instructed.

"But the twins...they won't like me." Esme said.

"Don't worry about them, Zeke will handle them when he wakes up. The twins are minor cases. The fact that they're already friends with your daughter will make things easier." Tara explained.

"And the West Palace? They took the FrostOrb." Esme said.

"I told you, don't be bothered by these nameless things," Tara responded, sitting beside Zeke's bed.

"They're like ants, too easy to eradicate. They're the same people who lose their powers at midnight. Zeke will wake up latest tomorrow or in two days, we'd wipe out everyone of them and take back the orb. It has always been ours."

"From now on, things gets dirtier, we have to be careful though." Esme said 

"I know, that's obvious. This city gets darker, and more dangerous." Tara sighed, looking at Zeke.

At the door, Mercury stood, gummed to the wall as she listened to everything.

Now she hates her mother more than before. More than anything.

--

[Next Day]

Morning refused to come. 

The day didn't break at all.

Since the chaos at the East Palace yesterday, there has been no morning.

People only calculated the daytime with their wall clocks and watches, everywhere has been dark.

It's like a curse, and it's spreading like a plaque throughout the city.

Also, the heat has been unbearable. Everyone has been feeling the scath from Shayla's fire.

It never stopped.

Cheyenne and Sage took Shayla to her Fire Palace since it's the only available place right now.

After she used the fire to break the chaos, her palace opened on its own.

She subconsciously showed them the way yesterday after they took her out of the burning palace, and they've been here...the hottest place in the whole of the city with fire burning on the walls and volcanoes cracking under the rock segments.

The only places free from fire is the rooms, but it's so hot, and no matter the air conditioning, they're sweating very hard.

They both had to wear only singlets as they used hand fans to blow air on Shayla in bed, contributing breeze.

She has been unconscious, but saying one name from her sleep.

"Ry"

That's all she has been muttering, and each time she said that, they fanned harder.

Seems the bracelet on her wrist is helping to keep her heat in check cos whenever it shone, her sweats reduced a lot.

Her eyes didn't open till the 12th hour, and the knights dropped their big fans, waiting till she calmly took in her bearings.

She sat up quickly, looking around again, but the only people she's seeing are Cheyenne and Sage.

"Goddess," Sage whispered.

"Your ladyship," Cheyenne added, their eyes full of worries.

"Ry, where is he? Where's Ry?" She asked, looking traumatized.

They both went silent, they just exchanged glances.

"It's not true...no." Shayla shook her head quickly, her tiny voice shaky and emotional. "It's all a dream, right? What I saw about how he melted away. It's all a dream. Please say yes."

"Goddess, this isn't the time to be emotional." Sage said.

"No I don't want to hear that! He has spoiled me too much that I can barely do anything without him, and now he wants to just leave like that? Can you even hear yourself? It's not making any sense!!" She cried, trying to get off the bed, but Cheyenne held her back fast.

"You can't exhaust yourself now. You should recuperate gently and conjure all the energy you can. You have so many trainings to do, too. War is approaching, and we can't be caught unprepared. Many people will come for you." She said.

"I don't want anything else! I just want him! What do you mean he's gone? I don't want to be fine please just bring him to me!!! He's not gone! He's never gone! He can't be gone! Never!! He's alive and well!! He can't be gone!!!"

Sage helped Cheyenne to hold her back too, and as she cried, the fire under the volcanos and firewalls burned brighter, producing more heat and messing with her head, snapping at her control.

"Ry... Please come back! Please... Please!!! Bring him back to me!!"

--

[City Tower Edge]

The twins couldn't think of a more suitable location.

This place has to be the best—closer to the dark sky and far from the low ground.

They brought Xena here since yesterday, plotting ways to punish her for her brother's sins.

Sadie is the one thinking about the ways and dictating.

Soren is the one writing them down.

Sadie is strolling the edge with her evil smile intact, her black boots marching the ground with ominous clicks which is like music to her ears.

It's like this chaos brought Soren back to her, and she can't ask for more.

Soren is seated on a high-structured chair, his pen kissing his note repeatedly as he jotted Sadie's suggestions.

He looks like he backpedalled.

Looks like the old Soren who has no pity in his eyes and just does whatever Sadie wanted.

He stopped jotting at the last suggestion, and Sadie faced him.

"Done?"

"All done," he stood from the chair, handing her the book.

They faced the same angle by the wall where Xena is seated like an enslaved captive on the floor, hands and legs still tied, eyes still blindfolded and mouth still gagged.

Sadie made few strides to her, squatted in front of her and stripped her mouth gag away.

"Ple...se... don't...kill me." Xena begged and coughed shakily, snot crawling out of her nose.

All her life, she has never trembled this hard, it's like the fear is germinating with their choky presence. Her body is shaking with the wall, and her teeth is clashing.

She could taste the pain on her tongue even when it hasn't started, and she could taste her own fear on her dry palate.

"Do you want to know a truth?" Sadie said with a cruel cackle, the chains on her boots clanking as they dragged the cemented ground.

"Your brother didn't only kill our mother because of revenge. In fact, revenge isn't the major reason why he killed her." She whispered.

She tapped Xena's cheek with two fingers, her black painted nails catching the glow of the fire burning in the middle of the tower.

"Your lifeline which father stole...it was hidden inside mother's core, and to get it back... mother had to die. The bastard killed mother majorly to get your lifeline back, so your lifeline is back to your life core." 

"Wh... what?" Xena stuttered, body going pale with shock. A hot line of sweat ran down her backline.

"Oh... Soren she's shocked." Sadie clapped once, laughing as she looked back at Soren.

"Of course she'd be. She's a bîtch who'd die for her father," Soren replied dryly.

He's currently beside the burning fire on that same edge.

He pulled out three branding irons from the fire at the same time.

The metals are already red with the fire ember, and they looks like the pit of hell already.

"Ou! That looks delicious! Can't wait for her to taste it!" Sadie howled, facing Xena who's already crying.

Her tears crawled out from under her black stuffy blindfold.

"Aww, you're just a girl." Sadie laughed loudly, the sound dark like the persistent night.

Soren walked towards them with the three metals swinging in his hand.

On the three irons, SLAVE, SLAVE, SLAVE was written on each one.

"Can we start?" He said emotionlessly.

Sadie stood by his side, madly pleased with this new him.

"Of course, brother." she said, glancing at the book with her.

"First on our sweet beautiful list is branding her as our personal slave, and you see..." She faced blindfolded Xena at this point.

"These triplets branding irons are from hell, so just like my father's face can't heal, this mark won't be able to wipe from you... for life..." She said, wickedly grinning.

"No... please....don't... Don't do that to me!!!" Xena shifted, but Soren's cold grip landed on her, holding her in place.

She froze, peeing on herself.

Sadie laughed again, taunting and more wicked.

Then it came, painful than hell and abyss and bitterness combined.

The three hot irons kissed Xena's forehead at the same time, and smokes oozed out as her flesh burned with the three SLAVE brands, taking over all of her forehead.

Blood streamed out of the little holes on her skin, her tears boiled hotter than lava, more pee trickled out of her stinging pûssy, and her mouth opened wide.

"Ryker!!!!!!!"

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 76•77•78

BEWARE TO COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW, or we go on another break here. VERY SIMPLE.

REPLY EVERY OF MY COMMENTS, DROP YOURS, LIKE AND SHARE MASSIVELY.

MAKE IT COMPLETE B4 7PM.

#Unedited 

★

[Two Weeks Later, Fire Palace]

"In one....." Sage counted.

"Two......" Cheyenne joined in.

They're both in the Palace Radius where there's a vast area of land, free for practices.

They had taken the last two weeks to  design it perfectly for Shayla's practices, and just three days ago, it came out just fine.

They sat on top of a stone with black whistles to their mouths, each one of their legs on top of a smaller stone.

They've gotten used to the insane heat here, it's not even a problem anymore.

Shayla stood at the center of the ground, holding her fire sword which she had summoned out of herself since three days ago, and it has been working with great usefulness for her practices.

Her aesthetic changed, but not too much. She's still a pink-obsessed girl, just that she mixed it with the colour of her fire—gold.

Most of her robes are like that, and her hair? It seems to be growing longer everyday even without Ryker here. It's longer beyond her butt right now, and her jewels didn't decrease from it. In fact, the jewels multiplied than before.

She looks serious, and focused as she gave the mountains and small volcanic rocks around a hard prickling stare.

She looked back at her knights over her shoulder, and the two got the signal immediately, standing to their feet.

"Go!" They chorused, blowing their whistles at the same time.

Shayla leapt to the air, levitating better than anyone she has ever witnessed till she's at the top of the mountains where she wielded her sword professionally, rubbing the blade with two fingers before sending the fire sparks to the mountains.

The mountains split, pouring lava out of their middles and brightening up the fire and flying sparks.

She tumbled, rolled, twisted and whisked herself in the air before landing another thud from the sword.

A lone dry tree stood on top of the mountain with few leaves on top of it. She leapt to it, touched a branch with her toes then whisked back.

The few small leaves on the tree fell off, and she chased after them, gently moving with the waves of the hot air till she was left with just one by her sharp sight.

She landed on the ground while still targeting that one with her sword, and in the middle of the other leaves, she stabbed that particular leave with the sword tip which happened to be in front of Cheyenne's face.

Cheyenne didn't move, didn't blink even when the burning sword blazed in front of her eyes.

Shayla stayed in that position for a minute, and the fire burned away the little leaf before she lowered the sword, sighing.

"I'm tired," she muttered, dropping the sword and sitting down.

Cheyenne bursted into laughter.

"You'll never stop this laziness, would you, your ladyship?" She said.

"At least, she's very good now. She's taking her practices serious." Safe replied, bringing her a cup of strawberry juice.

Shayla took it and gulped everything, licking her lips after.

"But when you were still at the slaves labor camp, I heard you were the most hardworking," Cheyenne sat in front of her.

"Of course I was hard-working, there were whippings and pressure from the supervisors, but here... nothing like that. Why should I have sleepless nights cos of people I can handle with one snap of my finger? Please, just leave me alone with my laziness." Shayla sighed tiredly, and now it's Sage's turn to laugh.

"Stop laughing!" She pointed at him with a cute frown, and he covered his mouth quickly.

"Why not try extracting your FireStone?" Cheyenne suggested.

"You think it's a good idea?" Sage said cautiously.

"She summoned her fire sword already, so why not call out the FireStone too? His lordship's FrostOrb was out of his body the whole time, and he was even more powerful with the orb outside his body." Cheyenne shrugged.

"Come to think of it, she hasn't been sleeping at nights since two weeks ago, maybe removing it will actually reduce her inner heat?" Sage said.

"Is that true?" Shayla looked up.

Cheyenne and Sage nodded.

Two minutes later, they're both standing some meters away from her already, and her eyes are closed.

Focusing on the inner energy again, conjuring the inner stone and taking advantage of the hot environment, she summoned.

Few hand movements, and a few more whimpers, she was able to really call it out.

From her core, the FireStone fell into her palm. Round, gold, and burning brightly. So beautiful.

The golden glow from it was everywhere in that palace, and it nearly outshone the light of the day.

Cheyenne and Sage came closer, each by her sides as they stared at the FireStone on her palm together.

"I hate to admit, but this damn FireStone is more beautiful than his lordship's FrostOrb." Sage said.

"I disagree, his lordship's FrostOrb everyday everytime for me." Cheyenne replied, and Shayla huffed.

She bit herself on the finger, dropping her blood on the stone. The fire burned brighter, glowing up.

"Fineee...it's so fuckin pretty like the owner," Cheyenne sighed.

"Right," Shayla nodded, but suddenly, she pressed it to her stomach, returning it inside herself.

"Why?" The knights chorused.

"I can't risk it being outside, these greedy freaks might just make plans to snatch it just like they did the FrostOrb." Shayla sat back.

"Wait ... You still think that orb the West Palace stole from the East Palace is the real FrostOrb?" Sage scoffed proudly.

"It's not?" Shayla blinked.

"If his lordship was that negligent, then things would have gone sour since long ago. Also, if the Millions Family were really drawing power from the real FrostOrb, then his lordship wouldn't have been able to kill Azura that easily." Cheyenne explained.

"Lots of things that I still don't know," Shayla muttered.

"I'm sure his lordship kept it from you for a reason." Sage said.

Shayla sighed, nodding twice.

"Morning broke yesterday after two long weeks of darkness, and what's happening in the city today?" 

"It's the traditional royal wedding between Esme Vega and Zeke. Also, it's the takeover ceremony at the West Palace." Sage provided.

"Do you want us to go waste everyone at the wedding?" Cheyenne said.

"No." Shayla flatly said.

Cheyenne sighed.

"We don't move unless they move first, I'm telling you." Shayla turned serious. "Don't do anything without telling me first, and if you have useful ideas, feel free to tell me."

"I understand," Cheyenne complied, head going down a bit.

"By the way, I and Cheyenne will visit the human world later today. The headquarters showcase is today, and we're to represent boss if he's not available." Sage said.

"I know, I have somewhere to be too. Be careful, you both." Shayla stood.

"I'll go soak in the cold pool before I sweat away my blood." She said.

Her robe was slowly dragging the ground as she proceeded into the entrance at the other side.

"The fact that she has to soak in the pool for almost five times a day is something else." Sage muttered.

"You should even be thankful that she has that bracelet on her wrist that's slowly fighting the heat. If she doesn't have it, then maybe she'd be soaking like ten fifteen times." Cheyenne said.

"But she's actually enduring better than I expected." Sage nodded.

"She's stronger than she looks, but it's just this spirit of laziness." Cheyenne replied, and Sage chuckled.

Their chats paused when then sensed a visitor around.

After exchanging knowing glances, they both vanished off, reappearing at the major entrance of the palace—the burning gate.

Liza stood in front of the gate, holding a bottle of liquor and a greedy smile on her face.

Even when the knights arrived, she didn't look at them. Her eyes stayed on the burning golden gate, and her smile turned bigger.

"I've been planning to come for a visit since two weeks ago, but unfortunately, morning didn't come till yesterday. I miss her so much that it hurts. Go back inside, and tell her I'm here... waiting." She said, finally looking at the knights.

"I feel power oozing from you, meaning you got your powers back. Wenches be doing the most unexpected." Sage sneered.

"Whatever made you think you can come here and demand to see her and get to see her is just as foolish as your face. You're the most pathetic person in the whole of this city, Liza Kings." Cheyenne grinned mockingly.

Liza drank from her liquor bottle, maybe trying to drown her anger.

"Tell Shayla King to come out here! I have to see her! My daughter doesn't hate me, you both can cry all day about it. Get me inside, or get her out here!" Liza ordered.

"Shayla King?" Cheyenne scoffed, walking closer to the woman. "Say that again. Call her by your dirty surname again!"

Liza went silent, but she smirked and started pouring the alcohol in her bottle to the ground.

"She's his lordship's partner. Love thread or not, wedding or not, weather he's alive or not... she's automatically Shayla Morozov. Unless you want to disappear with her fire, keep your wishes unspoken." Cheyenne threatened.

By now, Liza has finished pouring out the alcohol in her bottle, and she put it to use immediately.

She broke it with he'd mind, and she nearly shoved the jagged edges to Cheyenne's face, but Sage was faster.

With his rope, he tied Liza in a roll, lifting her and flinging her to a different part of the mountain where she nearly rolled down.

Liza stood as if she didn't just fall, sending a crack to the mountains beneath them.

The mountains cracked in the middle, almost sinking them inside, but Sage was faster again, dragging Cheyenne with herself to another side where they sent conjoined hits to get.

Liza fell out of the way, not letting it cool down before returning the hit to them. Cheyenne didn't let Sage have the upper hand this time, she blocked it, but Liza is really really strong.

Cheyenne staggered, and a little trail of blood come out of her nose.

"Darn it! Cheyenne." Sage muttered.

"This is only just a warm-up. Next time, I won't be so nice. I have a wedding to attend today, so I'll return tomorrow, and you better be ready to bring my daughter to me by then, or you'll do more than a little bleeding." Liza said arrogantly, vanishing away.

"Cheyenne, you ok?" Sage held her, but she broke free.

"How many times do you want me to tell you to stop doing things for me? Why were you taking the first hits alone?" She confronted.

"Cheyenne i—"

"If I didn't act faster to take that last hit, you'd be the one bleeding in the nose right now you know that. Why always ready to do anything for me at any cost! What is wrong with you!!" She shouted angrily.

"Cos I love you!!!" Sage yelled back.

"But I don't!!" Cheyenne spat, pushing his chest hard.

Sage lurched back, swallowing hard multiple times.

His eyes grew watery, his palms sweaty. 

He suddenly started feeling the stings of the fire environment again.

"Focus on yourself, Sage. Grow your skills, not because of me, but because of yourself. Do things because you really want to do them. Our families abandoned us half-dead before his lordship found us and saved us, focus on making your family pay for what they did to you and stop. Stop your feelings. I don't plan to ever fall in love, not even in the next life." Cheyenne declared.

The tears finally fell from Sage's eyes, but Cheyenne didn't care.

Sage quickly wiped them though, with his fingers.

Cheyenne wiped the blood on her nose too.

"Let's go, we have the human world to be at." She said, leading the way down the mountain.

Sage followed grudgingly.

--

[City Tower]

Xena us still here, yet to be saved by anyone. She has lost hope completely, and all she does is take the twins daily punishments like a pathetic little slob.

She has no idea what's going on in the city or how her father is faring. 

No idea how Shayla is doing now that Ryker is gone.

No idea if Shayla is still mad at her for what she said to her.

No idea if Ryker is really totally gone just like that.

She's crying as she leaned by the wall of the edge, still tied up and still blindfolded.

The only free part of her body is her mouth. Her blindfold is always wet with her tears, and it's already reeking of tear smell.

Also, her branded forehead doesn't even feel like it's healing. Her lifeline is back to her, so her animal ability should grow sharper, but it's like it even got worse cos she could do nothing about the houseflies hovering around her.

They're very many, cos part from her forehead brands, she has been on her period since yesterday, and her blood has been soaking her skirt up. She smells so bad.

She has even forgotten what the sun looks like, or the moon, or daylight.

The clicking of heels on the cemented ground made her freeze.

No need to even wonder, it's very obvious who owns that walk.

Sadie.

She could smell her choky perfume even before she got close, and Sadie clapped as she approached.

She wore madly tall black heels, a mini skirt and a black hoodie. A arm bag is on her shoulder, and she looks slightly different cos she cut her hair, so it's now in a bob, but her goth appearance is still there.

All black.

"Yunno what? Today is my father's wedding to his new victim, so I thought of coming to say hi before I'd leave, but heck ... You're a mess. You smell like shit!" She plugged her nose with her fingers.

"I can't even come close, I guess Soren would faint if I had brought him. Look at the swam of houseflies, ew!" She waved her hand to hit one of the houseflies away.

"There'll be plenty of food at the wedding, so don't worry... I'll bring leftovers for you and plenty bones, but before that...why don't we play a little?" She smiled, lifting a bucket of water from the ground.

She poured it all on Xena, then she broke the bucket with her heels before picking a horsewhip hanging on the wall.

She brought the whip down to Xena's body mercilessly, whipping her in repeat like a sinner animal.

Her skin peeled, and her blood started wasting again.

Xena cried till her voice seized, and her body went limp on the ground.

She fainted.

--

[Carnegie Hall]

The historical hall is the wedding location of Zeke and Esme's wedding, and the theme is also historical.

Robes and whatnot.

Zeke woke up a week ago, and he has been slowly recuperating in silence since then.

When morning finally came yesterday, he ordered this wedding to happen today. Esme didn't even complain despite his ugly burnt face.

She agreed to the wedding immediately, and here they are.

Only exclusive guests got invited. Just members of the royal family and the clansmen.

Over twenty clansmen died during the collapse of the East Palace, but they're large in number, so there's still a lot of them left, and they're all here, filling the space.

Liza attended too with Kade by her side. As they entered the hall, Kade looks calm—very calm.

Since Liza got her powers back, he has been cautious and obedient around her, and he's even the one carrying her back.

The hall is filled with the guests already, but Zeke and Esme and Granny Tara aren't in sight.

They must be in the bridal or groom room, fitting into their dresses.

The twins entered the hall, both looking as dark as ever.

They're the only ones wearing modern in the historical call. Soren wore a leather jacket on a loose jean, and he held his qin, intending to okay for the new couple.

But surprisingly, they're not alone. A girl around their age came in after them, and she's dressed exactly like Sadie. She looks just as wicked too.

Her name's Rivera, Sadie's new sidekick which she replaced Mercury with, and she looks extra.

"I thought you said you were gonna bring your rabbit, Soren." She said, getting beside Sadie.

"He's slightly sick, he's resting in his home cage." Soren replied, that emotionless face so hard.

The whisperings of the guests started getting to them by now...

"Aren't they too radiant? Their mother died two weeks ago."

"And their father is getting married to their best friend's mother?"

"I heard Zeke's face is incurable and now ugly."

"Zeke?"

"What else should I call him? So far the FrostOrb isn't with the Millions Family anymore, then he's not the Grand Supreme."

"What a dramatic family, is that really the end of the East Palace?"

"I heard they're rebuilding it though."

"What use would that be? They'd be below the West Palace now anyways."

Sadie was boiling as she listened to the whisperings, but she kept her fists balled, controlling her anger cos Zeke specifically warned them not to cause ruckus today.

"Those runny mouths should go in the pit. Shut up y'all!" Rivera shouted at a point when she git fed up with their whisperings.

"Ignore them, I'm not in the mood to kill today," Soren said.

"Look who we have here!" Rivera pressed back when she saw Mercury coming, dressed in a robe.

Mercury's eyes went to Soren first, then Rivera, then Sadie.

She stopped walking, and Sadie walked to her with a smile.

"Welcome to the family, Mercury Millions. I bet you've been dying to bear that expensive surname." 

"I'm still Mercury Vega, I'm not gonna get adopted by your father! I hate my mother just as much as you do right now, so don't try to make me feel guilty!" Mercury spat.

"Do I care? And you have no say in these things, Mercury. Your adoption documents got finalized already. After this wedding, you and your prostitute mother becomes a part of this family. She seduced father, so she should be ready to bear the brunt." Sadie glared.

"Let's go, Rivera." 

"Yes, baby!" Rivera held her arm.

Mercury was looking at that contact as the girls left her.

Soren walked past her too...

"Soren..." She grabbed his arm, but he pushed her off, and she fell on the ground.

"You don't touch me, or I'll change my mind and kill you and your shameless mother!" He threatened before leaving.

Mercury stood and rushed into the available corner to cry.

--

[Couple Dressing Suite]

Zeke and Tara are out of the suite, so it's just Esme inside, and she's grinning from ear to ear as she stared at her own beautiful reflection in the mirror, gushing over the perfection of her red wedding robe and headpiece.

"You must be beauty-drunk," Sadie's voice said behind her, and she quickly turned, facing the door to see  Sadie entering.

She sighed, smiling. "Sadie, I didn't know you'd come."

"What? It's my father's wedding with you, why would I stay home? I need to witness the start of your hell. You have no idea what you're stepping into." Sadie chuckled.

"Stop saying rubbish, and wait at the main hall." Esme replied.

Sadie suddenly grabbed her shoulders, keeping her hooked.

"Sadie!" She gasped shockingly.

"This is my own way of welcoming you into the fuçked up Millions Family. Together with Mercury, we'll be one big happy family. Congratulations!" Sadie laughed before letting go of her shoulders.

She brought confetti out of her bag and poured it in the air, still laughing as she exited the room.

"She's crazy," Esme muttered.

"Esmeralda!" Zeke's voice filtered in, and her face lit up when she saw him.

Zeke wore a equally red robe, but his burnt cheek is a turnoff entirely. He looks horrific, but Esme doesn't mind

His heart matters, so far he loves her, it's all good.

"The West Palace?" She asked.

"I'm sure they're currently doing their takeover ceremony. But don't worry, they takeover the city today, and we snatch it back tomorrow. Let them taste superiority for some hours." Zeke replied, leaning in to kiss her.

His burnt face has a specific smell, but she didn't mind. She kissed back.

"Are you both gonna spend the rest of your lives in here? Guests are waiting." Granny Tara said by the door.

The new couple left the suite, walking down the aisle of people together, accompanied by both friendly and hateful eyes of the guests.

Soren is playing his qin aggressively in the front, Sadie's arms are folded on her chest as she stood beside Rivera, both glaring.

Mercury's eyes are red from tears.

Liza is clapping so loud in the middle of the crowd, and Esme wouldn't stop rolling eyes at her.

Shockingly, Granny Jojo is in the hall too. Lilith brought her, and no idea if she's healed or not, but Zeke was smirking as he stared at the old woman.

Granny Tara on the other hand looks like the happiest in this hall. She didn't stop smiling till the couple got to the front and kowtowed slowly to watch other.

The new arrangement is now ready. The battle can now start.

--

[West Palace]

Just like Zeke said, it's a celebration galore over here.

Not just the West Palace folks and the clansmen, but there are new additions to their harem like slaves and servants and able-bodied guards.

The celebration is peak.

Faye and Blaise and Winona are smiling like fools as Astor and Kasia went forward together to receive the royal endowment.

Since Kasia is the head of the family, she's the one who got crowned as the owner of the city.

She got crowned as the Grandmistress while Astor stayed beside her as the Palace Eminence.

As they received the new endowments and edicts on a platter, there's a shared ray of sunshine on their faces.

They faced each other and crossed their arms before drinking the tiny cups of royal root wine.

Astor and Faye's smile are full of schemes.

Now, things fell in place... just the way they wanted.

--

[Crossover Command Building]

Rumi and Anatoli landed safely at the threshold, and they didn't even have to exchange glances before entering.

That made every plan meticulously and left no space for hitch.

It's been two weeks, so the managers are fully back to work, regulating the entry and exit of people in the city.

Rumi placed an elbow on their desk when she arrived, and that was enough to call their attention.

"Two full bags of nyx notes for a descension. You can also pay with taels of silver." They read out.

"Why should we give you anything when y'all are going to let us go without hassle?" Rumi smiled, waving an hand over the faces of the three managers.

"You're going to let us go, without taking a penny. And you're going to give us a bag of money from your earnings too." She spelled.

And it worked.

The managers arranged one bag of money for them without arguing.

Anatoli zipped it up and carried it.

The ladder room door opened for them immediately.

"Good kids," Rumi blew kisses at the managers before entering the ladder room with her father.

Together, they got on the ladder, starting the journey to the human realm.

--

[Pink Island, 7pm]

After Shayla soaked in the cold pool earlier, she came here alone, and she has been here since then, eating strawberries all alone.

Also, stes drinking alcohol, and she looks slightly tipsy with her red cheeks.

The island is silent, just what she needed, and she's embracing the serenity as the alcohol burned her throat.

Last time she came here...she came with him, but now...

Now...

She let tears out of her eyes before she knew it, and she sniffled.

"Cheyenne and Sage said I need to move on and live the best, and I agreed with them, but I only try to keep it all together whenever they're around. If I'm alone like this, I can't stop sadness from crawling in." She said to herself, pouting.

"Why would you be gone? Demigods can't die without the godslayer sword, so wherever you are, you better come back or I'll...."

She stopped talking, sniffled, wiped her tears and drank from her alcohol. She softly kissed her bracelet, then she brought his embroidered handkerchief out of her robe pocket to sniff into her nose.

"Or I'll just...get another man. I'm pretty enough to bag any man in this city yunno?" She sniffled again.

Then a cold wind blew past, carrying a voice she'd recognize even in the noisiest pit of abyss...

"Before any other man would touch you, he'd die off like an unlucky withered flower." 

Shayla spranged up, eyes wide as she looked around desperately.

"Ry?" 

"I know it's you so stop speaking from the air and get out to me you scum!" She cried, wiping her nose.

"Ry?" She repeated, voice shivering with her chronic anticipation.

"Why are you doing this? Is it fun?" She broke down again, sitting back on on the table.

She took the alcohol bottle and brought it to her lips to taste again when she remembered someone.

She lowered the alcohol and gasped, dropping the bottle on the ground.

She levitated, leaving the island through air flying.

Immediately after she left, a shadow wearing a red cloak and a wide black hat retreated into the darkness.

--

[Clouds Castle]

Eternus was fishing in his fog river when Shayla arrived at the riverbank, swirling her robe before facing him.

"Here she is..." Eternus stood from his boat with a wide smile.

In a heartbeat, he was already with her.

"Greetings, your ladyship." He bowed.

"You know why I came. He's still breathing somewhere, right? I can still feel him everywhere and it's driving me crazy. Earlier,I heard his voice at our island and —"

"Your ladyship, I'm a seer who sees the future, I dunno about lives and deaths of gods." He cut her off.

"But you're close to him! You should know these things!" Shayla raised her voice, and he sighed.

"I can't even see into your future tiger, Shayla. All I see is darkness which has never happened before. Darkness usually means hopelessness, so maybe it's really the end of the way for the two of you. It's better to end it now than to wait for that dark future, so maybe it's all for the best." 

Shayla went quiet.

"You should leave as fast as you can, goddess. Your warm aura isn't fit for this foggy place, you'd suffer backlash if you stay too long." Eternus continued before starting to go inside.

"Please...." Shayla begged.

Eternus stopped, but he didn't turn back. He could hear the breaking in her voice.

"Please...I know you know something. I miss him so much and it's messing with me every time. The cold spring isn't even doing anything. I have to take five baths daily and it's killing me. Whatever you know about all of these, just tell me. I miss him, very very, too much." She said.

"If you both grew a love thread for each other already, this would have been simpler, but in the absence of it, there's nothing I can offer. Go back to your palace, goddess. Your aura isn't compatible with this place." Eternus replied and teleported into the castle.

He waited till he was sure he couldn't feel her aura around the castle anymore, then he opened the deepest room in the castle.

Inside the room, a FrostOrb sat majestically inside a prism glass, so beautifully crafted, shinning radiantly. But the shine is confined in the glass cos it's several divine layers.

It's Ryker's real FrostOrb.

"You better come back fast, I'm tired of guarding your orb for hundreds years plus, you heartless demigod." Eternus smiled a little.

--

[Underground Palace]

According to Pearl's order through the channeler shell, Jude has dipped himself into a bowl of ice cubes since daybreak.

Thanks to his naturally strong spirit, it's nothing to him.

Though, he feels dead cos his insides are all literally ice. Lungs, intestines and the other components, he's barely breathing, but he didn't leave the ice for once.

It's 8pm now, so it's been fifteen hours, and he's at the verge of losing it when Pearl returned.

She was smiling as she rounded the ice bowl, watching him inside.

"Good. You can come out now." She said after a while.

She barely finished talking when Jude jumped out of the bowl, shivering inside his own frozen skin.

"Go now. Take the compass, it'd lead you to her fire palace." She handed him a compass.

"How...how did you find out about her palace?" He stuttered icily.

"I might have been busy with Ryker since two weeks ago, but I took my time to search for her palace too, just for you. You're my minion after all." Pearl smiled.

"So you came just to give me this compass?" Jude said, his bones cracking under his flesh.

"Nope, I also came to take this!" She raised her hand, revealing a pack of condoms.

"We've been doing it raw since two weeks ago, we want to try something new this time." She said.

Jude rolled eyes, and she chuckled.

"Now run along, go get what you deserve. Coast is clear, the knights are out of the city so you're free."

  --

[Fire Palace]

Eternus was very right when he said Shayla's aura contradicts the aura of the foggy clouds castle.

Normally, soaking in the cold pool calms her down after a while, but it's not like that this time.

She has been inside for some minutes, but there has been no improvements.

Her own skin feels like her enemy. She's literally cooking from the inside, and the water turned mad hot already.

She stayed in the middle, hugging herself with her arms. Her pink bikini seems to be hurting her skin as it's starting to burn too.

Soon, her whole skin will catch fire. She could feel it.

She raised two fingers underwater, changing the water to cold, but a minute after, the water boiled again, reddening her skin.

"Too hot...too too...hot...ahh..." She whispered, clamping her arms around her body again.

The water boiled, as if trying to cook her for dinner, and this time, she even lacked the energy to change it.

She's starting to go inert.

Is this how Ryker felt when she was absent from his life for more than 300 years?

The pain? The torture? The grit?

She whispered again, hot steam rising from the water and implicating the air too. She screamed out...

"Ry...is this like a punishment? Huh?" She whispered, letting go of her arms.

They went sidewards, and her body went limp in the water.

She was already inert when a new entity jumped into the boiling pool.

Jude.

Thanks to his icy body, bypassing the fire gate was easy, and now that he's inside the boiling pool with her, he feels nothing too.

He easily swam to her and cupped her up in his arms, sweeping her hair away from her face.

"Fûck, I missed you." He kissed her forehead first, then her hair.

"Don't worry, I'm here for you. I'll make you feel better. Much more better than you've ever felt." He whispered, collaring his arms around her in a slow drag.

Their bodies collided underwater, and as he tried to share his body coldness with her, he felt strange.

It didn't take long at all.

It happened so fast, like a spell.

Like an ant is crawling from his feet, so he stayed still, feeling the sensation of the torturous crawl till whatever it is arrived at his belly.

He gently let go of Shayla, settling her body down beside the pool wall.

He got out of the pool to see what it really is that's crawling on him, but he saw nothing.

No ant, no insect.

But something is crawling inside of him. By now it's at his chest, and that was when tragedy struck.

He felt his heart getting slashed, and he swayed back, holding the pool wall as his head went down.

His second hand held his chest that's already bleeding, and his body trembled with fear, and the venom of death that's already lacing him.

He looked at Shayla in the water, and he grunted, getting what exactly is happening.

Hex.

Ryker must have put a forbidden hex on her that any other person who touches her intimately should die.

"F...u....ahhhh!!!!!!!!" He growled, his voice shaking the lava beneath the top mountains.

"You're going to be a bastard till...till the end... Ryker Morozov.... even in your absence....ahhhhh!!!!!!" His hand slipped away from the pool edge, and his back landed on the ground.

He didn't bleed from the mouth, ears, eyes or nose.

The blood only soaked his chest, and his eyeballs bulged out.

The agony was short, but painful than anything he has ever tasted.

His eyes closed on their own, embracing the poisonous claws of sudden death.

He died, flatly.

TBC
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Sold•To•The•Pit•Of•Hell..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 79•80•81

BEWARE TO COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW.

REPLY EVERY OF MY COMMENTS, DROP YOURS, LIKE AND SHARE MASSIVELY.

MAKE IT COMPLETE B4 7PM.

★

[Minutes Later]

Shayla stirred in the pool, eyes peering open as slowly as ever.

Had she passed out?

She groaned, touching her forehead with two fingers to feel her temperature. 

It's gone down already.

"That's strange," she muttered, throwing her glance around.

She could feel the aura of another person in here. 

Though it's not very thick, but it's still lingering.

She leapt out of the water, landing on a white stone beside the side.

Her sword appeared in her right hand, she positioned it rightly, her eyes sliding to everywhere she could look at inside the pool chamber.

Water dripped from her bikini, sounding tap-tap on the ground.

"Who's there?" She demanded, pointing the sword forward. 

Fire erupted on it's body, reflecting on the pool surface.

"Who's in!" She asked again, firmer and more authoritative.

It's definitely not Cheyenne or Sage—they're currently in the human realm. Also, her nose recognizes their scent, it's definitely not like this one.

She lowered her sword when she couldn't smell the aura anymore, her shoulders dropped.

The person was already out of here even before she woke, but who?

She sighed a small bloodstain at the other side of the pool.

She leapt there and rubbed her fingers on the blood, bringing it to her nose to smell.

"It's not an animal, smells like royalty... Jude?" She recognized, standing up quickly.

"Why would Jude come here? And why would he bleed?" She muttered, walking towards her bedchamber entrance already.

"How did he even get past the fire gate and volcanoes?" She wondered aloud again, glancing back.

The fact that he only bled this little means he's ok, and maybe whatever hurt him is enough punishment for breaking into her palace.

She gave up on thinking about it, went into her bedchamber and opened her closet for a change of clothes.

The first one she sighted was her leotard and leggings and the tutu skirt—ballet.

She misses ballet crazily. It's something she once dreamt of going to the human world to settle down and do, but that was before she learnt about her goddess title.

Now it seems highly impossible. 

There's still a lot to do, and she hasn't even grown the red love thread.

Why is the thread not growing when her heart already belongs to....

Her thoughts were cut short when she felt a drip under herself, and she gasped. Her eyes widened.

"Period! Not again!"

She quickly fished out pads and dressed up, hoping it won't be severe like last time, but who's she kidding?

It's even worse.

She endured it all alone without shedding a tear.

As she bled, she drank red tonic to replenish some of the lost blood.

Just like the other time at the glass mansion, the fire around her burned with rage, as if angry at her.

Alone, she persevered through the toughness.

It took over all her night.

--

[Underground Palace]

Pearl arrived at dawn, rubbing her belly and bubbling with excitement, but her excitement hitched when she couldn't feel Jude in the palace.

"He's not back?" She muttered, pushing the main throne room door open, her long robe sweeping the ground after her.

Jude's dead body lay on top of her throne, still bleeding clotted blood from the chest.

His skin is purple already, and his jaws are clenched tight, leaving imprints of his teeth on his cheeks.

Also, his bulging eyes are nearly falling out.

"What a beautiful, exquisite death!" Pearl gasped, clapping her hands as she walked briskly towards him.

There's intrigue on her eyes, she definitely likes this sight.

"But it's not right to just die on my throne, Jude Millions. You need to..."

She pushed his body away with her footwear.

"Get off!" She laughed, letting out a eventual sigh.

"You know how to get possessive over her, to the point of putting a hex on her? You're wicked than I thought, Ryker Monster Morozov!" She slapped her palm on the armrest of her throne, sitting down.

Her breaths turned unbalanced, ragged and heavy as she wrapped her palm on that armrest edge.

"But it's all over now, isn't it? I achieved my goal..." She muttered, bringing her hand to her stomach to rub again before rising.

"Now let's see what you're going to do with the little piece of information I spilled at your face..." She took a deep breath and walked down to where Jude's body is laying.

"This body is enough to cause serious commotion in the Millions Family. It's hightime I paid them a visit." She looked up, smirking sickeningly.

"If hell won't bow for me, then I'll become HELL myself."

--

[Human Realm~Russia]

It's 5pm when father and daughter arrived at the rusty border, and their eyes scanned their area first.

There are small rocks, little to no sand, and dust... mostly. There's a green forest, too.

"We landed in the woods? More like a dessert. What a bad call." Rumi commented, moving forward.

When she noticed Anatoli isn't moving, she turned back...

"Come on, are you going senile?" She scoffed then continued walking.

Anatoli still didn't move. He retrieved his buzzing phone from his pocket, and when he saw it's 'Master' calling, he stepped back twice before picking.

"I'm currently at the human realm with Rumi, working on something important." He whispered.

"You mean working on taking his riches?" Master spoke without hesitation.

Anatoli looked back to make sure Rumi isn't close before he replied...

"Is there anything you really dunno? Yes, I came to get his wealth. It's only right that I inherit it all." 

"I warned you, do not make a move without telling me firsthand!" Master barked with authority.

"I wanted to tell surprise you for once, don't get mad." Anatoli said.

"And you think it's gonna be easy to just take his insane wealth? Your son is a devil, and he's always one step ahead even in his absence. Jude Millions died already, be careful, you and Rumi." Master warned.

"Tell me to be careful instead, Rumi can die for all I care. In fact..."

He looked back again to see if Rumi is still far from him, and luckily, she's still walking. She seems lost in the scenery of the dessert.

"In fact..." Anatoli returned to his call.  "If she's still alive by the end of everything, I'll end her and Xena myself. I'm too greedy to share the wealth with anybody. You're the only one I want to share with."

"Good, then. Be careful, once again. Human world is different, don't be rash." Master instructed.

The call ended with that, and Anatoli returned his phone to his pocket.

Turning back, he saw Rumi is already coming to him.

"Who were you talking to?" She queried blankly.

"A friend," Anatoli replied, but of course she didn't buy that lie.

She put a obeisance spell on him immediately, and Anatoli went still.

"Who were you on the phone with?" She asked again.

"A friend, from the East Palace. He was one of the chefs who came from the capital to cook for the Feast." Anatoli lied through the spell.

Rumi snapped the spell off, then she led the way.

"Let's go"

"You're really still doubting me, Rumi? We've been working together this far, and I am your father!" Anatoli snapped.

"You're cunning, and I don't trust cunning people, even if you're my father." Rumi stated without looking back at him.

Anatoli sighed, going silent till they went out of sight.

From the silhouette of the mighty trees, the figure in red cloak and black hat fell out, disappearing with the shadows of the leaves.

--

[Moscow, Frost H2O Headquarters]

Father and daughter were wearing suits when they arrived in front of the skyscraper.

Thanks to the moneybag they stole from the Crossover managers, they were able to get the change of clothes, and a car.

Rumi only had to use a spell and change the notes from nyx to rubles.

They slammed the door of their G-wagon close, standing side-by-side before directing their gazes at the skyscraper with open mouths.

"We've been seeing buildings like this during our drive here, but this has to be the longest and biggest. Feels like it reached the sky." Rumi muttered.

"You must be thinking his wealth is a joke, of course it'd be the largest, and this is his headquarters by the way. Also, this type of building is called a skyscraper." Anatoli replied.

"Oh don't even try to school me, I know it's a skyscraper." Rumi rolled eyes, her heels slamming on the front black marble as she led the way.

Her suit pants is so tight, so her enormous ass is shaking with each step she took, and her waist is moving with it.

Anatoli stared at it for a second before smiling, then he moved too.

They needed to show their ID cards to the bodyguards by the main sliding doors, but Rumi just waved them with an hand, effortlessly casting another obeisance spell.

The guards allowed their entry, and the air conditioner that blew their skins in the wide lobby made her moan in satisfaction.

"Mmm! So...this is what real wealth feels like..." She faced Anatoli who's already smiling. "There are air conditioners in Luminaria too, but they're not this cool!!"

"Humans manufacture these things, of course it works better in their realm. This is refreshing!" Anatoli admitted, nodding.

They both studied the busy lobby full of both Russian and international staffs, visitors, lobbyists, job seekers and treasure hunters who work for the company.

The lift and elevators weren't that hard to locate.

They exchanged glances and went straight for the elevator, but the moment they tried to enter, they were repelled, thrown back like unwanted animals.

Father and daughter went separate ways, landing violently on the far ground of the lobby.

Rumi's heels peeled away from her feet, and Anatoli's wrist cracked.

The people around stared at them like intruders, but they didn't mind.

Again, they went for the elevator, but they were thrown for the second time. They landed farther than the first, more violent, too.

Rumi nearly broke her waist, but she stood and strutted fast towards the lift this time.

She had only placed a feet on the lift when she was pushed back by a force she couldn't fight.

She fell back into Anatoli's arms, both breathing hard.

"That devil, did he know this would happen? He actually put a restriction barrier." Rumi panted.

"I should have considered this, darn. We can't do anything if we don't get to the top of the skyscraper." Anatoli breathed.

The inside security men came running at that point, and they were both surrounded.

"You both are intruders, and you're under security arrest for infringement." They said in Russian.

Before they knew it, handcuffs were pulled out.

"Who and who is under arrest? You cunts!" Rumi spat back in Russian.

"I'll send a message with y'all." Anatoli sighed, pulling out a hairpin from Rumi's hair.

With his mind, he replicated it. The pin became five, matching the number of security men.

He threw them forward, each to a security. They all received pins in their throats...all five.

Their bodies dropped bloodied on the ground, on top of each other, and as cops rushed into the lobby, father and daughter vanished.

Most people in the lobby fainted, and the other half screamed in fright, clustering in the sitting area.

The cops were beyond shocked to even do anything for the first five minutes. No one has seen anything like this before.

--

[Top Floor]

This is the second day Cheyenne and Sage would be spending here.

If it was Ryker himself, this showcase wouldn't take more than 24hrs, but as his sidekicks, they have to be extra cautious.

Since Sage is the calm one with keen attentive eyes, he did the picking, and Cheyenne just backed him up in the right places.

"I don't know why boss would chose this time to be absent," one of the shine team members said.

"Meaning?" Cheyenne faced the man.

"Last month when boss left suddenly, Caspian Yusluv made mad sales and his net worth shot up. He went insane on the internet for days, and he's already bragging that his sales would outdo ours this month again." The man replied.

"And?" Cheyenne replied coldly.

The men went quiet, all fifty of them in that luxury sleek hall.

"Let me tell you..." Cheyenne stood, adjusting her black hat.

"Boss is not in a competition with anybody, Caspian is only competing with himself. So what if his net worth went up? Is he half as rich as boss? His net worth can shoot up times twenty, and he still won't be able to catch up, so stop the fidgety and focus on this showcase. Knight Sage has keen eyes like boss, just trust his judgement." She cleared.

The silence dropped deeper, and she sat back beside Sage who looks depressed.

The showcase was about to resume when an inside guard entered.

"Yes?" Sage frowned.

The guard came between the knights and whispered to them about what just happened at the lobby.

They stood at the same time and rushed out of the hall.

Cheyenne almost teleported, but remembering that they're in the human realm, she stopped.

Using the elevator felt like years, and when they got down, it was so obvious.

The scent on the bodies of the dead securities is still strong, obviously done by a Luminarian.

"The camera captured two faces,"  guard handed a tab to them.

On the tab, the faces of Anatoli and Rumi showed as they entered the lobby. Clearly.

"Get the bodies to the morgue, and keep it away from the media" Sage told the bodyguards.

"I'm sorry, sir. But there were so many visitors in the lobby when it happened, and it's out in the internet already." One of the bodyguards reported, giving him another tab.

Taking it, he was outraged to see what's going on already.

The comments are deadly.

"Five dead securities? I thought they said Frost H2O headquarters is the safest building in this country?"

"What were the other securities doing? I heard their bodyguards are over hundred, so why?"

"Those dead securities have their own families too!"

"One of them have a pregnant wife at the hospital I work in!"

"That madly arrogant Ryker Morozov, I hope he gets what he deserves for this!"

"Heard he treats his workers bad, so it's true!"

"His headquarters should be taken out of Russia! We hate a negligent CEO!"

Sage turned off the tab at this point, unable to read further.

"These much comments within ten minutes means an obsessed hater is working underneath." Cheyenne muttered.

"Who else? It's Caspian. He probably hired fake accounts to spread the hate." Sage folded his fists.

"Send the bodies to the morgue, we'll find a way to calm their families down." Cheyenne instructed.

Sage quickly removed a hairpin from the neck of one of securities.

Their bodies were eventually cleared out, and the knights used the back exit, getting in one of the company cars at the garage.

"So... Rumi has been with Anatoli all these while?" Cheyenne scoffed.

"It's not surprising, and why exactly would they come here? How did he even find out?" Sage said.

"Boss is gone, so they're here to take over? In their fuckin dreams. Anatoli is more powerful than you think, don't underestimate the old wuss." Cheyenne slapped the steering.

"And then there's Caspian Yusluv, that debauchery pig doing everything to bring boss down." Sage seethed.

"No time for that pig yet. For now, we have to find father and daughter before they cause more damage." Cheyenne replied, facing him.

"The hairpin?"

Sage brought the pin out of his pocket, handing it to her.

Cheyenne's nails grew long like claws as she sniffed it, trying to decipher Rumi's current location.

"They're still on the road, around the overpass at the main express." She said.

Sage awakened the car engines, driving them out of the garage.

--

[Luminaria, New Millions Family Penthouse~Mercury's Room]

Mercury sat in bed, hair covering half of her face like a mad individual, eyes red from lack of sleep, and lips dry from hunger strike.

She has been like this since the wedding, not planning to stop till her mother snaps out of her madness.

Two firm knocks fell on the door before Esme came in, looking ready to spend the day in her usual type flamboyant yellow dress.

Her neck healed very fast, but she's still wearing her skin type patch to cover the scar it left.

"Time for breakfast, baby. You can't stay hungry today again." She said.

"Go away." Mercury replied lifelessly, scratching her neck. 

She hasn't had a bath since yesterday, and her skin reacted with redness.

"Why are you being like this? You're getting me worried!" Esme sat beside her. "Is it because you don't like this mansion? Don't worry, the reconstruction of the East Palace will be done in a week, and we'll move in. Also, we're getting the FrostOrb back from the West Palace today, so be happy. This city is still ours."

Mercury looked up, her red eyes resembling a junkie's.

"I'm doing all of these for you," Esme stroked her hair, but Mercury pushed her away suddenly.

"Stop using that excuse every single time you dog! You're doing nothing for me! You're doing everything because you're stupidly in love with Zeke, that smelly-faced man whose face gives me nightmares and makes me wanna puke! Your ugly husband!!" Mercury snapped.

A sizzling slap was what she got for saying that. 

Esme landed a slap on her face, and she started crying again.

"Come out here, even if it means forcing the food into your mouth, you have to eat! You can't die on me!"

Esme dragged her out of the room, and they went past the twins at the large hall.

Sadie leaned by the wall, smiling.

Soren is beside her, empty-faced.

Rivera is with them, and she has a large grin on with those scary big eyes of hers.

She spent the night here, actually.

Esme dragged Mercury till they got to the dinning where Zeke and Granny Tara are sitting already.

She forced her ass to the chair, brushing her hair back.

"Eat with your new family, it won't kill you!" She spat.

Mercury remained seated, but she made no effort to eat.

Esme went to sit beside Zeke.

The twins and Rivera joined the dinning shortly.

"Don't worry, you'll get used to your new father soon," Zeke told Mercury, and she glared resentfully at him.

"True, you'll get used to your new father soon. Eat your meal, Mercury" Sadie said tauntingly.

Rivera grinned, filling her mouth.

"I forgot to ask what family you came from, Rivera?" Granny Tara said.

"Oh...faes. I'm a dark fae." Rivera replied, showing her black large wings for a minute before retracting them into her back.

"Cool, very cool. Hope you're ready to fight the battles of this family with us though" Zeke said.

"She's a supportive friend," Soren talked. Granny Tara nodded.

"I'm home!" A voice hollered by the front door, pressing the doorbell repeatedly.

"I recognize that wishy-washy voice" Sadie spranged up, rushing down to throw the door open.

Pearl is indeed there, with Jude's body inside a lidless casket.

She dropped the casket by the door, smiling bright.

"Jude!" Sadie gasped.

The rest of the family rushed to the door except Mercury, and when they saw the body, their eyes popped.

"I get that he was a useless member of my family like his mother, but still...this is much." Zeke said.

"Ow! Father! Your face is baked!" Pearl said mockingly.

Zeke only threw her a thorning glare, and she scoffed.

"Jude..." Soren muttered.

"This is cruel," Rivera commented.

"Who was it? Tell me who?" Granny Tara demanded.

"Shayla, it's her." Pearl said.

The twins exchanged glances.

--

[Fire Palace]

Shayla's pains went down today.

According to the message she received from the knights, they'd be spending more time in the human realm cos a disturbance came up, so she got herself busy with practices.

Her dark long hair was flowing beautifully with the air like a paid artist as she moved in a clean sway, backwards, counting her steps till she got to the end of that lane and levitated, sending fire to a tall fat mountain.

The mountain obeyed without holding back. It opened up with a scream, pouring out lava before clashing, then it shattered.

Fire splinted everywhere, and she didn't feel like she even did anything as she came down, watching the ruin she made alone.

Her nose caught the smell of a visitor by the gate. She moved there and waved the gate open, stepping out to see Liza with a motherly smile.

She came with Kade, and despite the fact that he's so full of fear for Liza right now, he didn't hide his hate for Shayla. It showed in the way his lips curled, but Shayla barely even noticed him.

"Look at my baby! Look at that! If anyone else gave birth to you in this city, then it'd have been somehow, you only deserve to be my daughter even in the next life." Liza said proudly, moving forward.

Shayla stayed still, but her eyes are on the ground that Liza is stepping.

"I know, right?" Kade said hatefully. "Now that you own your palace, you eliminate people anyhow. You even killed Jude Millions? Praises."

"What do you mean Jude?" Shayla frowned, looking up.

"Don't be shy to admit in front of us, baby. Jude Millions died by your hands, the news is everywhere and the Millions Family are threatening to revenge especially the twins, but who cares? You're above them anyways." Liza replied, still walking closer.

Shayla still didn't move.

"There's only one way to become untouchable, and that's if you kill your partner first before he kills you. Ascend to the nine heavens alone, and you'll get the final powers alone. Have you ever imagined what it's like to be the most powerful being in the world?" Liza continued talking.

"And I'll become the mother of the unstoppable goddess, and you'll—"

The rock they're standing on suddenly broke in the middle, and Liza quickly shifted back, unable to move forward anymore.

"Next time you come here to spill nonsense, I'll burn you to ashes. And about Jude? I still don't know what you're talking about. Scram!" Shayla spat, voice cold and sharp.

She turned back and started walked into the gate.

"Your friend Xena is held captive by the evil twins at the city tower. I guess she's dying today." Liza said before the gate closed behind Shayla.

"Bîtch," Kade muttered.

"Quiet, you don't expect her to give in to us that easily. She's probably still having flashbacks of how I broke her arm as a kid, or how i made her eat blended raw pepper for dinner, or how i removed all her upper teeth and blended them for my pet hens." Liza smiled.

Kade looked at her, smirking at the wickedness of this woman.

"We'll keep coming back till she gets over it. Let's go!" She said, disappearing down the mountain with him.

--

[City Tower]

As expected, the twins came here to vent on Xena.

Shayla killed Jude, and Xena is Shayla's best friend, so it's balanced.

Rivera came with them, already holding a whip.

Sadie removed her own horsewhip from the wall hanger.

As for Soren, he sat calmly and just watched the show.

Xena started crying again, her period blood smell is so terrible. The whiplashes nearly killed her.

Rivera and Sadie were as cruel as the whips, they were relentless.

Soren held his rabbit in hand, stroking it's fur and watching the beatings unfold.

But it didn't last this time around. There was a disruption.

Shayla landed on top of that tower, and merely seeing Xena's pitiful state, she gasped.

"The heroine is here to save the best friend?" Rivera laughed.

"Get away, her fire is dangerous." Sadie pulled Rivera out of the way.

"Are we just gonna let her take her?" Rivera argued adamantly.

"I said her fire is dangerous! No cure!" Sadie snapped.

"Xena!" Shayla marched forward, but she was blocked by Soren.

She stopped, eyes lifting slowly with rage. Strangely, she feels a darker energy from him as if he's a new person entirely.

"Get away from this tower, you aren't touching her..." He darkly declared.

"Dry joke" Shayla replied, charging forward.

Fearlessly, Soren did the same, and without waiting, Shayla threw her fire forward.

"No! Soren no!!" Sadie screamed behind.

The blaze hit Soren's chest, but swear to the devil... nothing happened to him. He stayed fine.

Shayla's eyes widened for a beat.

It has never happened before.

Why is her fire not working on Soren?

Her state of shock gave Soren a leeway, and he was able to send her a strike which hit her in the face.

She whipped back with uncontrolled roll, but she leapt off the ground, touched the wall with her leg and tumbled swiftly in the air before landing back on the ground.

"Soren is actually... strong?" Rivera muttered shockingly.

"I'm in shock, too." Sadie muttered.

This time, it was Soren who charged forward first.

Shayla pulled out her sword, deciding to not use the fire this time.

She charged, too. Dragging the sword on the ground and sending sparks flying till she got to Soren.

Soren was shocked.

She stabbed him on the arm before levitating across him in the air till she landed beside Xena on the ground.

She swung the sword twice, and Xena's ropes got cut.

The ones on her legs, wrists, and the blindfold on her eyes.

Everything cut off.

Shayla pulled Xena up.

Rivera and Sadie are already running to Soren who's bleeding madly.

Shayla left Xena, determined to get there before the girls.

Her levitation was faster. 

She landed in front of Soren, wanting to stab him in the stomach and end his life completely...

"Stop!!" Xena screamed behind her.

Shayla's eyes snapped, turning back in shock.

Xena stood there, rooted.

"Stop, don't kill him." She repeated.

"They tied you up here, torturing you since days ago, and you're..." Shayla's voice broke with utter disappointment, "Xena you're actually pleading for his life? You would have died if I didn't arrive!"

"Don't touch him," Xena insisted, crying. "If you still consider me a friend and a sister, don't kill him.

By now, Rivera and Sadie has gotten to Soren.

They took him by each side, and Rivera flapped her wings, flying them out of the tower.

Xena swallowed hard, and Shayla turned away from her.

"Shay..." Xena started.

Shayla walked fast to her, held her by the arm and teleported with her, back to her Fire Palace.

She dropped her at her cold pool.

"Bath inside, my aura is in the water, and it'd heal your wounds." She said, still not looking at her.

"Shay, please look at m—"

Shayla already vanished before she could finish those words.

She reappeared at the lumi bridge and pulled a bottle of light alcohol out of her robe.

She was sniffling as she drank in total sadness, wetting her throat as the tears sprang out of her gold eyes.

"Where are you? Ry? Where are you hiding? I need you back right now, it's not even funny. Is it till I run mad?" 

She sniffled again, draining from her small alcohol bottle.

The skies suddenly rumbled, and she looked up. The skies have changed, from blue to ash.

A raindrop touched her arm, and she looked down at the cold dot, sniffling.

--

[West Palace]

Enlargement has happened here.

Since the takeover happened yesterday, things have changed and still changing.

The main castle is currently undergoing a widening project, it's becoming bigger.

The dark room auction is tonight, and it's sure they're getting the slave, so they're preparing wads of cash in their home bank.

Also, a meeting is ongoing with the city committees. The city affairs got transferred here, Kasia is handling it.

Astor is in the meeting with her, so just the kids are at the lobby.

Winona's glasses are off, and she's currently cat-walking in style.

"Grand Princess Winona!" Faye hailed.

Winona flipped her hair. "Clock that!"

Then, Faye stood beside her, cat-walking to the right.

"Aw, Grand Princess Faye" Winona winked.

"I mean...yes!" Faye chuckled.

Blaise stood from the couch he's sitting on, whistling with his mouth.

"Grand Prince Blaise," the girls chorused.

"I'm about to burst!" Blaise replied, and they laughed out.

"Royalty is so delicious!" Faye said dramatically.

"I know, right?" Blaise rested his elbow on her shoulder without realizing, and she didn't even shoo him away.

"Grand Prince, Princesses! There's a problem!" About five clansmen rushed inside.

"What problem?" Winona asked, and the problems immediately came in to show themselves.

Zeke, Granny Tara, and Esme.

"Ew, that ugly face. You've gotta be the most grotesque thing I've ever laid eyes on." Faye sneered.

"I knew they wouldn't rest, East Palace people and their annoying consistency." Blaise clicked his tongue.

"I heard you lost Jude to the merciless hands of Shayla, and you're here to what? Fight?" Winona smirked.

"Congratulations on your wedding to Zeke, Esme. Lest I forget." Faye said.

"Are y'all done?" Granny Tara smiled eerily like a tomb breeze.

"Welcome to the Powerful West!" Kasia said, stepping into the lobby.

"We've been expecting y'all" Astor added, emerging behind her.

"Losing powers at midnight means nothing, we have the FrostOrb so it's better you take your leave before we paint the new castle extension with your blood!" Kasia snarled.

"We didn't wait till midnight before coming, and that's because we're going to show you that even with the FrostOrb here, even with your rat-like powers, y'all are nothing. The FrostOrb belongs to the East, and this city equally belongs to us! Today, we take back what's ours." Zeke gnarled.

"This time, we'll even take this West Palace from y'all and chase everyone of you into the cages! We'll control both East and West." Esme declared.

"Come on, fight!" Kasia declared back.

And it started—five against three.

Faye scaled out.

Blaise's hair glowed.

Kasia and Astor stood together, and Winona took position behind them.

A great rain started outside, beating the roof and thrumming the ground, causing a furious flood across the city as the fight started too.

It's Kasia and Astor on Zeke alone.

Esme on Winona.

Faye and Blaise on Granny Tara.

Faye wrapped her tail on Tara so many times, but the old woman kept slipping free.

"I once had a pet snake, so I damn know how to tame serpents like you!" She punched Fate in the throat.

Blaise returned the thick punch to Tara's gut, flashing her with his hair at the same time.

Tara fell back with blinking eyes and loud coughs, and Blaise quickly went to Faye's side.

"You ok?"

The snake nodded, and they faced Tara again.

As for Esme and Winona, Esme is clearly having the upper hand.

As a godslayer who has been practicing the godslaying ability for months, she's good with combats.

Winona's wall-walker ability didn't help much. As she entered, Esme pulled her out.

She has been absorbing powers from the FrostOrb since last night, but Esme is extraordinarily strong.

For the fourth time, Esme kicked Winona to the ground.

Her body broke with the wooden sofa, distributing wood all-over the lobby. and she bled much.

Zeke isn't overpowering Astor and Kasia.

In turn, Kasia and Astor aren't overpowering Zeke, too.

There's no winner, no loser.

Strike collided with strikes, hits with hit, and blasts with retaliating blast.

"You've gotten stronger, Kasia. Congratulations." Zeke smiled through the hot fight.

"Thank you, rotten face!" Kasia blasted him ghastly in the face.

His facial burn opened, creating a foul funky smell.

Zeke was angered, and he shoved her in the face, too—harder that she did, so hard that her life trembled.

Astor saw it coming—he could have stopped it, but he didn't.

Kasia flew to the wall, crashing inside with bloody force.

At the same time, a thunder blasted the skies from the rain, and the FrostOrb room opened upstairs as if listening to an unknown order.

The orb rolled out of the room, and all eyes widened, but Zeke grinned.

"You know your owner, orb. Let's go home." He tried drawing the orb to himself, but the orb didn't listen.

It rolled faster, faster till it got to the railings.

From there, it fell.

Zeke flew there, widening his arms below the railings to take it, but he was late—the orb slipped off, going below his large arms. 

It fell on the ground, shattering to smithereens.

--

[Lumi Bridge]

Shayla still stood there, crying and drinking in the rain.

Rainwater mixed with her alcohol, but she didn't care.

It's thundering hard and angry in the skies, but she didn't care.

Flood is going past her legs, pouring down the bridge, but she didn't care.

Rain thrashed her body till she couldn't feel the thrums anymore, till she started feeling cold despite her warm aura.

She lifted the alcohol to her lips to drink the remaining one, but she lowered it when she felt something beneath her feet.

Her eyes went down slowly, and they widened when she saw what's going on.

Ice.

The flood below her feet—it's freezing, turning to ice.

She's now standing in blue thick ice.

The bridge froze, too, railings freezing like the ground did, but the rain didn't stop.

"Wait for me, under the rain." The words he said on the boat on the feast night echoed in her skull.

The alcohol bottle fell from her, breaking on the icy ground, her face went up desperately fast.

A black umbrella covered her head.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Don't•Ever•Forgive•Me..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 82•83•84

FOR DAILY UPDATES SAKE, CAN WE DO GOOD IN THE REQUIREMENTS THIS WEEK? JUST REPLY ALL COMMENTS, DROP URS, LIKE AND SHARE. I ALWAYS GIVE Y'ALL HEAD'S UP WHENEVER MY WEEK WILL BE BUSY, AND THIS WEEK IS ALREADY BUSY FOR ME AS FROM TODAY.

I WON'T TYPE FOR Y'ALL IF I COME BACK FROM WORK AT 7PM TO MEET INCOMPLETE REQUIREMENTS.

MAKE IT COMPLETE BEFORE 7.

★

She felt his presence even before she saw his face. It hung thick in the air, ground, all-over the towering atmosphere. The scent of doom and petals, aura so cold that it made her bones shake, countering her warmth.

Her heart responded to it with unhealthy, fast beats, echoing in her ears which are currently getting beaten in the shells by the raindrops.

"Ry," his name echoed from her lips the moment her eyes caught his pointed chin, and that sped everything up till her eyes reached his full face—his eyes, staring down at her. She could see the dark emotions written all-over them.

Her heart just slammed harder, rattling her ribcages.

"Ry" came his name again, as if she couldn't believe what her eyes are seeing.

"Miss me?" He smiled, and when she saw those dimples, she reached for his face, touching them and sniffling.

"Are you... real?"

"Sorry I kept you waiting, Shayla." He muttered, voice as deep as always.

Her insides responded to the deepness, too.

It's indeed him, her partner.

She jumped on him immediately, not sparing any second anymore.

Legs and arms went around him, and he dropped the umbrella, his arms going wrapped around her, too. The small body he missed.

Her face went to the crook of his neck to stay, and her sniffling continued as the rain wet them both.

She didn't say anything, didn't breath anything to his ears. She just stayed there like a baby, as if wanting to eat him, or alternatively enter his skin.

Ryker stroked the back of her neck, his nose resting on her skin too, her warm scent awakening his mind and soul, unravelling his thirst.

He feels alive again, his blood began running in his system, again.

He didn't try making her talk, didn't bother opening her mouth. He knew she needed as much of his presence as possible, so he kept it like that.

He vanished with her.

--

[West Palace]

The breaking of the orb felt like a dream, surreal.

Everyone is at a standstill now. Even the wounded ones who were on the ground already stood.

Their shocked eyes stared at the shattered orb below the rails.

Zeke looks the most shocked.

He prepared the most for today, and now it's...

"What exactly is going on?" Winona spoke up.

Faye transformed back to her real form nakedly, and Blaise quickly went down beside her, covering her with his large coat.

"Why...did the...why did the orb shatter?" Esme stuttered.

"This probably isn't the real orb! They still have the real one inside!" Granny Tara accused.

"Oh shut up, Tara! You already act brainless, don't make it worse by talking brainlessly too!" Astor attacked her.

Tara's fists curled.

"Feel free to go inside everywhere in this West Palace. Enter the tunnels and wall vents, there's no orb anywhere. The one we stole from you is the broken one, meaning the orb was never real in the first place!" Faye barked from the ground.

"Correct!" Blaise supported.

Kasia chuckled suddenly, facing Zeke who's still at a loss for words.

"Can't talk anymore? You've been drawing power from the fake orb for how many years? 300+?" She laughed loudly, holding her side.

"The more I get to know this demigod, the more impressed I am. Why would women not want him? I mean...he's everything. Why would men not bow? He's everything once again! He fooled the great Zeke Millions." Astor laughed too.

Zeke's eyes are still on the shattered orb, and truly, he looks defeated, looks fooled and deceived.

"Sweetheart, say something.." Esme came to his side.

"Zeke, you can't keep quiet forever!" Tara said by his other side.

Without replying any of them, Zeke stormed out of the palace.

Esme looked at Kasia and Winona before exiting after him.

Tara glanced at Astor and Faye with warring eyes before leaving too.

Kasia fell on the ground voluntarily, gasping out with her bleeding mouth.

"Fake orb? For more than 300 years? How exactly did it happen? All our efforts wasted in vain?" She gulped with shock as she spoke.

"How has the orb been energizing the Millions If it's fake?" Blaise said from the ground.

"Ryker wets it with his blood. His blood has been supplying it with power, I think." Winona said, sitting sprawled on a survivor couch.

"His blood supplied them with energy for that long, now imagine how it's gonna be if it was the real FrostOrb, unlimited power." Astor said calculatedly, exchanging a secret stare with Faye.

"We're missing the real problem here. We have to get the real FrostOrb before the East gets their hands on it." Kasia said.

"It doesn't have to necessarily be the FrostOrb" Astor said craftily.

"What do you mean?" Faye stood from the ground, dragging the coat tighter to herself.

"Shayla. She has a FireStone which holds as much power as the FrostOrb. We either get the FrostOrb, or FireStone." Astor clarified.

"But getting either of them would hurt the owners, aren't we on the demigod's side anymore?" Blaise said.

"Demigod's side?" Astor scoffed. "That bastard will never support anyone that's not himself. Read my lips." 

"Right. From now on, we stop trying to get the demigod's attention cos it's obvious we'll never have it. We'll start fighting for ourselves no matter who gets hurt." Kasia declared.

"Supported, I'll support any motion at all at this rate." Winona said from the couch, giving Astor a suspicious look.

The hit Kasia received from Zeke during the fight, Astor could have counterattacked to stop it, but he didn't, and Winona saw that.

She looked at him again, battling questions in her head.

--

[Fire Palace]

Shayla was right about the pool water. Xena has been healing since she had her bath inside.

Her body wounds from the whiplashes are gone, but the slave brandings on her forehead didn't heal.

She left the pool after draining the water she used, and surprisingly, Shayla's bedchamber is open. She entered, gasping at how wide, luxurious and rich it is.

She imagined herself with these riches for a second, and she smiled.

Shayla was once a slave who was bought and then became a goddess, so why can't she achieve better too?

She shook her head and entered her closet, gasping again. She covered her mouth.

There are different hangers, wardrobes for different type of outfits. Robes, modern womanly wears, casual, sèxy night-wears and lingeries.

Footwears like slippers, sneakers and heels shoes, each with treasures attached to them. Even the slippers are luxurious.

Then the jewelry glasses. They're insane, and Xena swallowed hard.

She didn't get to enter Shayla's room at all when she was still staying at the Heartless Tower in East Palace. 

Is this how her suite was like back then too?

Did Ryker prepare all of this riches for her before his death?

She swallowed again, picking a soft furry gown to wear.

She quickly left the closet before she'd choke to death with the luxury.

She put on the gown and sat in front of Shayla's bedroom mirror, checking herself out as she brushed her hair after using some of the hair supplements.

She smiled before she knew it when her mind remembered a flashback.

            [Weeks Ago, City Tower]

It's the day Xena was captured by the evil twins —the Feast day.

They brought her here, tied up and bonded. She was dumped by the wall side, and Sadie was determined to kill her that night.

"Her brother killed mother, it's only right if she goes to hell too. Soren there's machete in the storeroom, right? Get it for me, I'm going to butcher her and cook her flesh, I swear to Satan, I'll eat her flesh!"

Sadie started going down the tower, obviously to go get the cutlass, but Soren blocked her.

"What? Don't tell me you're going to start defending her again! Apart from mother's death, you saw what Shayla did to father's face! Father might be a scum for chosing Esme, but he's still father!" Sadie glared.

"Killing her won't be entertaining enough," Soren sighed, backing the wall nonchalantly.

"What do you mean?" Sadie frowned.

"Let's keep her here, and torture her till she actually dies when she won't be able to take it anymore." Soren explained.

                  [Present Time]

Xena smiled at her reflection in front of the mirror.

The slave brandings on her forehead means nothing to her right now.

What matters is that—the torture was for her own good. Sadie would have killed her, but Soren stopped her by suggesting the torture which is why she's still alive till now.

Soren is still redeemable and soft. If she gets to spend more time with him, she'd change him.

Besides, he has potential cos it seems Shayla's fire didn't work on him.

She smiled again, rising from the vanity chair.

Luckily, she found a mobile on the foot of the bed which she took.

Knowing her father's line offhand saved her. She dialled him, twice, but he didn't pick.

If he was ok, he'd have been searching for her and would have probably found her at the city tower no matter what cos of their daughter-father bond.

The fact that she's not sensing him anywhere only means something bad happened to him.

She positioned the phone between her fingers again, typing...

"Pa, please be fine. Where are you?"

Sending that, she left the room to go find food wherever it is in that palace 

--

[Human Realm]

Cheyenne and Sage are still on the run, chasing father and daughter with no win.

When they arrived at the overpass, Cheyenne sensed them ahead.

They chased further, but they lost sense of the hairpin scent.

Rumi must have noticed the chase, cos by the time they arrived at the end of the road, no Rumi, no Anatoli.

Cheyenne and Sage got out of the car, both panting.

"They can't be this fast without any help. This is human realm, not Luminaria where they know everything to do." Cheyenne said.

"You mean Caspian is helping them?" Safe faced her.

"It's just what I feel. Might be true, mightn't be." Cheyenne backed the car door, her eyes catching the city billboard.

Caspian Yusluv is there, modelling for his own company—COLD-HEARTED—that's the name of his fucked up company.

"First time I'm seeing that dickface on a billboard, he's probably dancing around his castle right now." Cheyenne muttered.

Caspian didn't spend one minute on the billboard before Ryker's face took over. 

He's not even modelling, he just leaned on an elevator wall in the picture, wearing a red suit and dangling male earrings.

BACK AGAIN was sprinkled on top, and it never left the billboard.

Cheyenne and Sage exchanged knowing glances immediately.

"He's back!" They chorused.

They nearly got into the car, but they stopped themselves, encapsulating their excitement.

"No. We have to find father and daughter first and console the families of the dead securities." Cheyenne said.

"Right, but boss..." Sage groaned.

"Get in the car, don't be a whinny kid!" Cheyenne scolded, and he immediately slipped inside the car.

--

Truly, father and daughter had help, and that's why they didn't get caught.

They were running on the tar when a car suddenly crossed them.

A powerful-looking man entered the car with them, and based on what they've been hearing about him, they couldn't possibly turn him down.

They'd surely be needing him.

Rumi covered her hair with a cap already since the hairpin scent is coming from there.

They're out of the express now, and they're going on with the direction the stranger is providing.

He sat at the back of the car, and Rumi stole glances at him seldomly.

He's too much. 

Rings on all ten fingers, multiple hoop earrings on both ears, he even pierced his lips, nose , and the top of his brows.

His tattoos are madly dark.

His eyes are heterochromic, and his presence filled up the car.

"You have something to say to me, pretty girl?" He talked, referring to Rumi when their eyes met through the front mirror.

"You're Caspian Yusluv, the popular competitor." Rumi said.

"Next time, don't use the word competitor. I'm here to take Ryker's place, you could call me the right one." Caspian replied arrogantly from the back, voice sinful.

"And I know you both..." He continued, leaning forward suddenly.

"Anatoli Morozov, and Rumi Morozov. There's a twin at Luminaria, Xena Morozov."

Anatoli stopped the car immediately, and they both looked back at the man who's now laughing dangerously, his nose ring glittering.

"You know Luminaria? You're not human too?" Anatoli asked.

"I'm human, just a different kind of human who knows everything he's supposed to know. I have spies in Luminaria though." Caspian laughed again, touching Rumi's cheek.

"But you...you're hot as fûck" he bit his lip.

Rumi slapped his hand away, and his laughter stopped.

"Careful, you don't slap my skin like that, doll." He muttered.

"How come you have spies in Luminaria?" Anatoli asked.

"You Luminarians travel to the human realm using the descension ladder. Eligible humans can also travel there using the ascension ladder, you didn't know?" Caspian gasped dramatically.

"But only few special humans like me know about it." He continued.

"Why did you enter our car?" Anatoli asked.

"Cos I wanna help. You both want his wealth, and I want his name wiped off totally from existence. Same goal, same goal." Caspian grinned, relaxing back on his chair.

A few more minutes of taking directions from him, Anatoli drove the car into a wide red gate, in the middle of Moscow.

COLDHEARTED HAREM.

Right from the gate, they could already see totally naked females lining up and begging PICK ME FOR THE NIGHT! PICK ME!

Anatoli couldn't close his mouth, and Rumi kept snickering.

Caspian jumped out of the car, plugging black vibrators in the coochie of of two of the females.

He opened their mouths and spit saliva inside.

They gladly swallowed the spit, licking their lips.

Then the other hundreds of ladies surrounded him, begging him to spit in their mouths too.

"He really deserves the name—the debauchery pig" Rumi muttered.

"I know, right? But seems we've found the right helper." Anatoli laughed, giving her a look.

"What if I put a obeisance spell on him to take his wealth first?" Rumi smiled cunningly, facing him.

"Tell me, when did you even discover your spell casting ability?" Anatoli asked, still smiling.

"I was 15, at the motherless camp." Rumi started.

               [Motherless Camp]

As the youngest motherless child here, Rumi is prone to bullying.

No matter how hard she hid, her blonde hair always gave her out, but she's a stubborn one, so their beatings means nothing.

She's always wounded.

In the camp, they always fight for food, for survival. 

There's only breakfast, no dinner or lunch, so at breakfast, you make sure you eat or go hungry till the next day.

That fateful morning, the coordinators poured the tiny pieces of bread on the ground for the kids as usual, then they opened their sleep room gates.

The kids poured out, all falling on the bread pieces to pick their food.

Some picked close to five, some seven, and a lot couldn't pick any.

Those ones started crying.

Rumi picked three, and she settled down to have her breakfast when the bully chief arrived with her minions.

Rumi stood, drew back and slammed her own head on the wall, surprising the bullies. Her blood stained her face, and she let out a laugh.

"You wanna bully again? Do it! But that won't make me give you the breads!" She shoved the three short pieces in her mouth at the same time.

The bullies all lunged for her, and she instinctively cast a spell with her subconscious, wishing the bullies would start beating each other.

It worked.

They faced each other, and the fight was so brutal that even the coordinators couldn't stop them.

It's a death fight, they didn't stop fighting till they all dropped dead.

               [Present Time]

"You've been great, right from time." Anatoli stroked Rumi's hair.

"Get down, visitors!" Caspian shouted in front of the car where he's still spitting. He snapped his fingers loudly at them.

"But...don't try to use your spell on him. He doesn't seem like a ordinary human." Anatoli said.

"I know, just kidding," Rumi replied.

They got down from the car, following Caspian's lead.

The red gate closed, and the figure in red cloak appeared in front of it, staring at the gate for long before leaving down the lane.

--

[Luminaria, Millions Penthouse]

Sadie and Rivera stayed with Soren throughout his healing process.

They had tried healing him with their conjoined abilities. No results.

But surprisingly, Soren healed on his own. The stab Shayla gave him on the arm with her sword—it healed after he stayed in bed for an hour.

Then he was able to sit up.

"Ren!" Sadie knelt in front of him.

"I'm fine..." He stood, walking shirtlessly to his closet to get a jacket.

"You just healed from her sword stab on your own without me. Earlier, her ruthless fire didn't burn you too, and you're not gonna explain?" Sadie demanded, blocking him.

"What should I explain when I'm not understanding anything too? Just leave me alone." He gruffly replied.

"Let him rest," Rivera pulled Sadie out of the way, and Soren entered the closet.

"I'm so restless about this, now that I have Soren back on my side, he can't go astray again." Sadie chewed her mouth wall.

"Maybe he really doesn't know about it. He looked surprised earlier when the fire didn't work on him." Rivera said.

"You think?" Sadie faced her.

Meanwhile, Mercury is by the door, listening.

She saw when they brought Soren in wounded, so she has been worried, but now that he's fine, she's fine.

She strolled to the living room where Pearl sat, eating fried potatoes and pickles.

Silently, she sat there, fiddling with a pillow.

"So you're just a soul shifter, no other ability. Can you even teleport?" Pearl asked.

Mercury didn't miss the mockery undertone, but she didn't talk back.

As expected, Pearl wasn't done.

"I wonder how your mother became a godslayer though," she leaned forward on her chair, glaring. "Did she steal her way in? Just the way she stole another person's husband?" 

Mercury spranged up, and in a flash, she was with her.

She dragged Pearl up from the couch by her sleeves, shoving her face into hers, nose flaring.

"Feel free to call my mother any name for how she married Zeke, but you condemning her godslaying ability? I won't sit and watch! She practiced for months, cultivated alone without sleeping, she got it fair and square so shut up!!"

Pearls hand found Mercury's hair. She singlehandedly pulled out many strands in the middle, then she kicked Mercury to the ground.

Mercury touched the middle of her head, feeling the baldness over there. 

She screamed.

"My hair! My hair!!!"

Pearl laughed, dangling the hair she's holding.

"You shouldn't have shoved your face closer, and this!" She raised the hair. "Is for how you tried to cast my soul into a pig at Mount Zhitomir!"

"You witch!!! My hair!!!" Mercury howled loudly.

"Oh... look at that!" Sadie came out with Rivera, both laughing.

"We have a bald one in the house," Rivera added.

Esme, Granny Tara and Zeke entered, and the laughter seized.

"Mercury! Oh my!" Esme knelt beside her, eyes wide.

She looked up, seeing the hair Pearl is holding.

"You!!!" She screamed, standing brusquely to go attack.

Zeke pulled her back quickly.

"Leave me! I'm going to kill her!" Esme screamed again.

"You might be a godslayer, but you don't have the sword yet. For now, she's stronger than you, I don't want you to get hurt." Zeke said.

"Then how are you going to regrow my daughter's strands!" Esme tore free from his grasp.

"Granny will handle it," Zeke said.

"Don't take chances, father. I'm a goddess, and the damages I make isn't reparable, especially now that I'm two." Pearl smiled, rubbing her stomach shortly before going inside.

"What does that witchy-woo even mean by that?" Sadie muttered.

"I'm still trying to grasp," Rivera shook her head.

"For now, prepare for Jude's burial tonight, and everyone prepare for soul sucking. After everything, we have a family meeting to attend." Granny Tara instructed.

Esme is still checking Mercury's hair out, and Mercury is still crying.

"Wait...the orb! Didn't y'all leave to get our orb?" Sadie gasped, snapping her fingers in remembrance.

"There's a problem, and it'd be discussed at the meeting," Zeke resounded.

"Cool, there's something with Soren, guess we'd discuss at the meeting too." Sadie replied.

--

[Ice Palace]

Blue. Ice. Cold. Chills.

It's all this place entails, and it's really the most beautiful palace of all the demi-creature palaces.

Ranging from the ice gate to the ice floors which didn't stretch to the rooms though. Spirit animals like polar bears and mice and cats, all crafted from ice residuals.

Instead of volcanoes like the Fire Palace, there are avalanche portions and huge ice rocks with flowing ice water in-between.

There are so many waterside pavilions too, and the pools are countless, but the pools are exceptionally warm for Ryker, so the pool rooms are off limits to him alone. Just like his Phoria when he was still in the Heartless Tower.

He's currently inside with Shayla though, both stark naked.

Shayla is still curled like a baby around him in the pool, and thanks to their auras, their parts in the pool carry their constitutions.

Despite their gumming naked bodies, her part is cold and his part is warm.

Her face is still into his neck, and she has kissed that place till it left a hickey that's not erasable.

Ryker's hands rubbed her bare back, back and forth gently while pouring deep, deep kisses on her hair.

Silence wrapped around the place, so the sound of the flowing ice water outside is so clear, and the sounds of their breathings.

"Are you going to stay like this forever?" Ryker finally talked.

"Yes, I'm not letting you go." She whispered, and he smiled.

"I missed you too, your highness. It was madness with the two weeks." He whispered back.

"Where were you?" She asked, still not looking up.

"I was stuck in a dark universe I know nothing about, it was like a wormhole, and I couldn't move, couldn't live, I was just there." He replied, fingering her scalp gently.

"You knew this was going to happen? You told me to wait for you in the rain." She said, licking his neck.

"I had a hunch the moment I felt poison in my system, and I knew it was going to be deadly, requiring that I left for a few weeks. Your soul connects with mine mostly in the rain... Warm and cold, and you also cried, so I was released from wherever I was locked in the moment the rain thrummed you. It's like a ritual." He explained.

Now, she lifted her face from his neck, looking at his face.

Ryker held her face in his palms, chuckling.

"I miss this small egg of a face."

"You have no idea how hard it was for the past few weeks. I even went to Eternus but the seer said nothing. I had to come back here and cry. I had my period yesterday and it was hellish, I did it alone without you. Cheyenne and Sage always made sure I practiced, and you dunno how much it hurts to keep a calm face in front of them and then go behind them to cry." She sniffled.

"I'm sorry," he repeated.

"You say sorry so easily," she wrapped her arms around him again, kissing his beautiful wet fingers.

"That's because you're the only one who can take that word out of my life. You have no idea how much power you hold over me..." He said, resting his forehead on hers.

He did their nose kiss by rubbing his nose on hers, and she chuckled.

"Don't do that again. Don't disappear on me, or I won't ever forgive you." She muttered.

"Sure," he stroked her cheek, and her head went to his chest.

"But the poison...where did it come from?" She asked.

"Can we not talk about that? I don't wanna ruin this mood." He replied.

"Promise to tell me later," she looked up with puppy eyes.

"Promise" he replied, sliding an hand down to her throat gently.

Second hand held her chin with the fragility of an egg.

Their pink lips were about to crash for a hungry all-consuming kiss when Shayla's lids went up.

"Xena. I left her at my palace."

"And?" He frowned.

"The fire must be making her feel uncomfortable, Even if it was Cheyenne and Sage, I have to reduce the hotness by sewing up lava rocks every hour, but her? It'd be too hard. She won't be able to hold it." She said.

"Your high—"

"Shh," She placed a finger on his lips.

The water hanging on his lashes fell with a drop. "Please. Besides, you should come do a tour at my palace too." She whispered, rubbing his lips with her thumb.

He agreed, and they both left after they dressed back up.

They didn't have to use the gate. Teleporting made them land directly inside the fire Palace.

Ryker didn't even get the chance to tour around before Xena came out of the bedchamber.

She has a apple in her mouth—one of the fruits she found in the kitchen.

At first, she looked shocked to see him back, but then she shock got replaced with hate, in a whim.

"We have to talk, Shay. Please, spare me ten minutes."

"No," Shayla rejected. "Your brother is here, you both should finish whatever it is."

"Shayla!" Ryker growled, sounding pissed. "You brought me here because you wanted peace?"

"I can't stand your fight, can you both just...talk it out?" Shayla held his face, but he peeled her hands off.

"Making up is simple so far he's ready to go on his knees and say sorry to father for burning his head!" Xena said from where she stood.

"Xena that's not the point," Shayla said.

"Then what?" Xena scoffed.

"Your Pa is a devil, and you have to listen to what Ry is—"

"No one will make me hate my father, Shay. No amount of trial will work! That man has been there for me since young, taking care of me at every chance he got, but what did Ryker do? He couldn't even find Rumi! He killed Azura to take my lifeline? So what? It's his job cos the lifeline was taken cos of him in the first place! He bought you at the auction to save me from the poisoned pool? So what? It's the least he could do after killing mother!" Xena shouted.

"And yet you were screaming my name when you were getting tortured? I might have been locked in a dark universe, but my hearing wasn't dead." Ryker muttered, his anger reddening.

"Cos it's your job to save me too! Father said saving us from evil like yourself is the bare minimum you could offer!" Xena spat back.

Ryker's eyes rolled up, the red getting deeper, madder.

"Do you have anything that belongs to your father? Hairbrush or even handkerchief. I can use it to make you travel into his memories so you'd see for yourself how evil he is." Shayla intervened.

Xena laughed.

"You'd probably trick me into fake memories just to make me hate him, but no! I'm not daft! And you... Shay... I was going to apologize for calling you a hunt dog before, but now there's no need cos you're indeed one for him. Don't try to fool me just because you have luxuries in your closet!" Xena vomited the words hatefully, throwing her apple down.

In the next flipping minute, Ryker was with Xena.

He grabbed her hostilely by the neck and levitated with her.

His fingers pressed her windpipe to her flesh, mashing it up and preparing to crush it completely with her throat bones.

His eyes cast down, chin rising and breaths so cold and harsh.

Xena coughed blood, and it wet her chin, down to her throat where it stained his hand there.

"Hunt dog?" Ryker smirked with an unforgiving gleam. "Why don't I make you become one? You already know how to communicate with animals so living with them would be easy." He spat, raising his second hand to do the deed, but Shayla levitated too, holding that hand.

"She's still your sister, don't turn her! Please... Ry..."

"Sister?" Ryker laughed shortly. "Today onwards, I do not have a sister, either Rumi or Xena! I never had a mother called Dominika who died birthing me. May she die again and again! And Anatoli? I'm going to make his death into a series for the human world to watch in theaters! Stamp my words!"

He let go of Xena, and Xena fell on the ground, holding her frozen neck and still coughing blood.

"Disowning me as your sister? Cutting ties with me? Cool! Thank you! I'll go find father, and I'll find Rumi myself! I'll find Soren too and marry into the Millions Family to shame you! I'll join any sect that's willing to kill you and Shayla! From today onwards, Shayla, we're both sworn enemies forever! You and your heartless partner!" 

"So be it, Xena Morozov." Shayla replied calmly, realizing Xena is beyond saving.

She waved her hand, throwing Xena out of the palace with force.

Before she could even look beside herself, Ryker was already gone.

She vanished, too. Tracing him to the middle of Luminaria city where he stood like Satan in charge of hell.

He's already killing angrily, corpses falling lifelessly, his face and hands bloody. There are ten dead bodies on the ground already.

People are running fast for their dear lives, screaming...

"The demigod is back!"

"He's back!!!"

"The millennial ice devil is back!!"

Ryker landed in front of a bunch of them, about to freeze them down to their demise when Shayla countered him in the front. She held his two hands, pulling them down forcefully.

"Shayla!" He growled, his eyes refusing to even calm, body shaking with the highest rage form.

"Run!!" Shayla yelled at the bunch of people, and they immediately took to their heels, speeding off.

"Please...calm down. Killing innocents won't calm your anger, it won't do....mmm?" She held her face, watching as his eyes slowly became calm blue again.

"For me...can you?" She kissed his eyes, warmly.

"Firefly..." Ryker's arm rounded her waist, pulling her in.

Her lips parted soundlessly.

"From now on, anything that's not you is dead to me,not mine to care about, not mine to look at. From now on, I'm blind to everything except you. I was cruel? No. My cruelty is only just starting, today." He smirked, dragging his lips on her lashes and rubbing blood on her face from his fingers.

His voice went hush, his whisper full of insatiable hunger—for her...

"I desire you. Damn it, just you."

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Don't•Ever•Forgive•Me..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 85•86•87

REPLY ALL COMMENTS, DROP URS, LIKE AND SHARE. I ALWAYS GIVE Y'ALL HEAD'S UP WHENEVER MY WEEK WILL BE BUSY, AND THIS WEEK IS ALREADY BUSY FOR ME AS FROM TODAY.

I WON'T TYPE FOR Y'ALL IF I COME BACK FROM WORK AT 7PM TO MEET INCOMPLETE REQUIREMENTS.

MAKE IT COMPLETE BEFORE 7.

★

A affectionate smile kissed Shayla's face like sunshine kisses water, and she hugged him tightly on that spot, not minding the dead bodies lying around, the blood on the ground or the one staining their own faces.

When she felt his arms around herself too, her smile turned warmer.

"You... you're the most important person to me in the world, too. Just you." She said.

Ryker broke the hug slowly, smiling...

"Are we...finally boyfriend and girlfriend?" She asked with a thudding heart.

Ryker just smiled again, looking away.

"What's that smug smile?" She made faces. "I just asked a question and you should give me a repl—"

"Do you want it written on your forehead?" He cut her off.

"That?" She blinked.

"That you're Ryker's girlfriend?" He replied, and her smile blossomed more. She stood on her tippy toes.

"Boyfriend," she called.

"Hmm," he replied.

She hugged him again, tighter and with a possessive knotted hold on his robe at his back 

"Gosh, I just love the sound of it." She said on his shoulder.

"You're such a baby," He replied, and she chuckled, kissing his neck.

They returned to her fire palace.

--

[Royals Cemetery]

The cemetery is located at a downhill between the East and West Palace, covered by the shed of mighty trees.

It's always noisy with the cries of black birds small on top of the trees, but tonight, no birds. Just the breeze.

There's a Low Royals space for the West Palace, and a High Royals space for the East.

The Millions family are currently at the high royals space where Jude's body is on the ground, lying on top of a flat iron beside the dug earth.

Even Rivera came with them.

They all wore black, and their faces all look grin as if Jude's demise was really very painful.

Mercury didn't even need this burial to stay sad before, she has always been sad since this godawful wedding, and tonight that she was forced to come pay last respects to a family member that's not even her family, her sadness skyrocketed.

With black under-eyes, she read the farewell lines with the whole family, but things didn't go as she expected.

After the farewell eulogy, Jude's body should go down the grave, but instead of that, Granny Tara stepped forward with a long knife.

She knelt beside Jude's body, bringing the knife down to his chest. 

She stabbed once, twice on the same spot—his heart.

Mercury stepped back with a gasp, but Esme held her tight, dragging her back to the front.

Seems like she's the only one who didn't know about this beforehand cos everyone else looks normal.

"Why would she stab a corpse we're here to bury!!" Mercury yelled at Esme.

"Tie her to a tree if she keeps crying! She can't ruin this ritual!" Zeke snapped from his side.

Mercury's arms dropped,her tears entering her nose. "Ri...tual?"

Granny Tara brought the knife down to Jude's chest for the third time, and it split up.

She dropped the knife on the ground and dipped her hand into his chest, pulling out his heart.

Mercury fainted.

Esme took off her suit jacket and covered her with it on the ground, not bothering to even wake her.

"How did that kitty cat become a member of your dark family?" Rivera whispered beside the twins.

"Blame it on my father for marrying a slût," Sadie rolled eyes at Esme.

Soren was silent.

Granny Tara stood with Jude's heart on her two palms, blood dripping from it to the ground dried leaves.

Pearl stretched a stainless tray forward, Tara placed the heart on it.

"Invoking of the dark night evils, through the tunnels of satanism and powers of hell combined, I taste!"

She faced the family members after that, stretching the tray to them...

"You taste!" She continued, and the family members replied...

"We taste!"

Tara took a bite from Jude's heart first, chewing it crunchily in her mouth before handing the tray to Zeke who took the second bite.

Esme had the third bite, then Sadie.

"You do not need to bite, Soren." Tara instructed.

"I never planned to bite that," Soren rolled eyes.

The tray was passed on to Pearl, and she had the largest bite.

Esme took Mercury's portion and shoved it into her mouth unconsciously, forcing it down her throat.

Rivera as a non-member of the family...she didn't taste.

Jude's heart-less body was pushed into the grave, buried like that.

Everyone wiped his heart blood away from their lips before they departed from the cemetery.

The figure in red cloak emerged from the center of the trees.

At the same time, Lilith emerged from the other side.

Lilith walked dauntingly to the grave, walking on the sandy surface with an hand to her chin.

"Can the Millions Family get any darker? Using their dead member for a heart-eating satanic ritual?" She scoffed, clicking her tongue.

"This is enough to make headlines tomorrow morning," she turned to leave, but her butt landed on the ground when she saw the imposing figure in red cloak.

It's talk like a giant, commanding fear even without doing anything. 

Lilith felt cold chills, her short legs tilled the ground as she shifted back on her butt.

"Who... who're...you?" She stammered, skittish.

The figure took one large step towards her, and that was it...

She stood to her feet, running madly down the groove of trees.

"ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!"

Her banshee screams shook the forest as she ran, and trees fell in arrays behind her without stopping.

That helped her keep the figure away till she arrived at the main road where she stopped to look back at the dense woods.

The last tree fell right in front of her, and she began panting, walking backwards.

"Who was...that?" She muttered, but then she stumbled on someone behind. She felt chills again.

Her breaths stopped.

She turned around swiftly to see it's the figure!

"Help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

She banshee-screamed again, dashing into the opposite forest. Trees crumbled with loud violent screams behind her, cracking and tearing.

She didn't look back, didn't stop till she left the forest and entered the second road.

Another twenty minutes run, she entered the Lannister household.

She ran past the household elders in the quarters before she got inside, and everyone stood, wondering what's chasing her.

Even Granny Jojo stood.

"What's chasing you?" The old woman asked, and for a second, Lilith forgot about her run.

"Granny...you can talk now? You can hear now? You can see?"

"The demigod is back, so her deformities are gone. I think he pardoned her already." One of the elders clarified.

Lilith spranged up.

"My husband is back?"

"Can you quit saying that?" Jojo scoffed. "It's your wishful thinking, wearing a self-crafted ring and secretly getting married to him means nothing. Now that he's back,you better be careful. Heard he killed ten people already, you might be next in line."

Lilith rolled eyes, taking a deep needed breath.

"I went to the royals cemetery, and I met a figure in red, I swear it was faceless. No face at all. Normally, my banshee scream is enough to chase anyone away from my tail, but it's not an ordinary person. I don't even know if it's a male or female but the presence was chilling." Lilith explained.

"A figure in red? All red?" Jojo sat back, looking unconfused.

"Wait...you know whoever it was?" Lilith asked.

"Why were you at the cemetery in the first place?" Granny Jojo asked, avoiding Lilith's question.

"I recognize Zeke's favorite car...that Ferrari. I saw it alongside two other cars at the express. I got curious that he was on his way to do something illegal with Esme, so I followed. You won't believe what I saw!" Lilith sat.

Even the elders surrounded her at this point, all getting curious.

"A heart-eating ritual! They ate Jude's heart after Tara invoked some satanic spirits!" Lilith said.

"What!" Jojo gasped.

"I'm telling you, I couldn't watch anymore at a point. They all ate expect Soren and the new twins friend Rivera...it was eew!" Lilith cringed.

"They buried him heartlessly, meaning he's never going to reincarnate." Granny Jojo muttered, standing from her chair.

"Azura was kind before getting married to Zeke, I dunno how Zeke influenced her to become as evil as him, and she had to die gruesomely like that in the hands of Ryker. Now the same Zeke ate my grandchild's heart?" She muttered.

The house was silent.

"What's their purpose? Why are they so in need of dark powers?" She muttered again.

"Why else? Cos they're going to face the demigod and goddess. Also, they want the godslaying sword according to tidbits." Lilith said.

"The sword," Jojo faced Lilith. "Get ready, we're off the a temple tomorrow to go start searching for the sword origin." 

"You want the sword too? Why?" Lilith asked.

"Once I get my hands on it, I'll hand it over to Ryker myself, it's enough to prove my loyalty." Jojo replied.

"He killed your daughter" Lilith mumbled shockingly.

"Azura deserved to die!" Jojo glared.

"Right..." Lilith nodded.

"Careful, Jojo. You can't get noticed by any of the Millions Family. Now that they had the most satanic ritual in this city, they'd by every means be the strongest family in this city again. Don't get hurt." An eldernsaid worriedly.

"I won't," Jojo smiled, facing Lilith again.

"I'll go prepare for our temple journey," Lilith quickly said, rushing inside the room.

--

[Liza Kings Mansion]

"Check this out!" Kade handed Liza a flat tablet.

She's eating fruits in her study room.

With a grimace, the woman took it, scrolling fast to read every bit of the breaking news.

"The demigod is back? Killed ten people already?" She laughed, standing from the sofa.

"If he wasn't already my daughter's partner, I'd be down bad for him too. He's cold, but too hot at the same time. I knew he wasn't dead. I mean... come on! It's the millennial ice god we're talking about!" 

She nodded, lowering the tab, "but too bad he's gonna die before my daughter. By all means, I'll make my daughter kill him and ascend the nine heavens alone."

"You're saying... you'll still visit her Fire Palace despite this development?" Kade said surprisingly.

"Why not? My daughter doesn't hate me! If she hated me, she'd have killed me when I went there some days ago. The fact that her ruthless partner is back won't mean a thing. In fact, I could use myself to drive a wedge between them. Imagine Ryker hurting me, and Shayla getting mad at him cos of it, that might give me a opening." Liza explained.

Kade sighed, wordless.

"I'm making dinner by the way, twin boy..." Liza winked, entering the kitchen.

"She has to be the most delusional bîtch in this city," Kade shook his head, throwing his weight on the sofa 

--

[Millions Family Penthouse]

Since the family came back from the ritual, they've all been sitting round the meeting table, everyone except Mercury who's in the restroom, trying to vomit the heart she ate with ear-numbing cries.

The faces of everyone at the table is into their phones, currently reading the news of Ryker's arrival.

"How? Why? Why is he fuckin back!" Sadie spranged up.

"You weren't expecting him to die just like that, were you?" Soren replied beside her, and Sadie sat back.

"Pa, you knew he wasn't gonna die too?" Sadie faced Zeke.

"He's a demigod, the most powerful in existence at that, you expect his father's poison tears to really end him?" Zeke smirked.

Sadie folded her fists.

"Also, he has been fooling y'all with the fake FrostOrb for years, and I'm impressed, I swear. My husband ain't a deadbrain." Pearl smiled.

"Shut up, Pearl. You aren't even supposed to be at this meeting." Soren glared.

"Why? Cos I'm carrying a powerful child that's not your mate?" Pearl laughed, the sound annoying to the ears. She rubbed her belly again.

"If his FrostOrb was inside his body, the poison tears wouldn't have worked on him. It's somewhere hidden, Soren will lead us there." Zeke said.

"What do you mean lead you there?" Soren scoffed.

"Don't be too forward," Rivera held his shoulder lightly with two taps. "You might be the golden boy of this family, who knows?"

Soren shook her hand away, and Rivera grinned.

"When will the East Palace rebuild be done?" Esme asked.

"In two days, we'll be moving back to the East, I'm tired of this Penthouse too." Zeke replied, caressing her two arms sensually.

"Nothing is killing the demigod if not the godslayer sword," Granny Tara said, clearing Sadie's thoughts.

"I and Soren branded Xena as slave on her forehead, what if that demigod sees it and comes here to kill?" Sadie said.

"You know he'd never work that way, that bastard will wait for the right time before striking, but even if that right time comes, he won't be able to strike. We just completed a family heart-eating ritual, that's insane power already. Also, we have Soren." Zeke replied.

"And who exactly is Soren!" Sadie slammed her palms on the table, standing up quickly.

"He's my twin, and I have every right to know what's going—"

That was interrupted by the ringing of the doorbell.

Mercury was coming out of the restroom when it sounded, so she went to the threshold, opening the door easily with her pale face.

Her paleness flew away the moment she saw Xena's face though.

"Finally, I found this penthouse," Xena exhaled happily.

"What are you doing here you whore!" Mercury pushed her.

"Stop it! I'm not here as an enemy!" Xena easily pushed her too.

The whole family converged at the door, and Sadie nearly tore her apart on the spot, but Zeke held her back.

"She knew coming here meant death, the fact that she took the risk means there's something important."

"As if I care!" Sadie snapped.

"Is she here to receive more brandings on her forehead?" Rivera snickered.

"Can tonight get any crazier?" Pearl laughed, studying her red nails.

"Why are you here? I believe Old Chef escaped the palace on the day of the feast. He's probably somewhere in the city." Granny Tara said.

"I'm not here for father, not here for Shay, not here for Ryker," Xena smiled, looking at Soren who has been significantly silent.

"Why are you here then?" Esme rolled eyes.

Xena smiled again.

Three minutes later, she's already inside the house, standing in the middle of the psychotic family members.

"I'm here to propose marriage to Soren." She said.

"You don't mean it!" Pearl bursted into laughter, nearly falling from her chair.

"How dare you come in here to spew absolute gutter rubbish! How dare you lowly thing!" Sadie stood.

"Sit, Sadie!" Zeke instructed.

"Pa!" Sadie yelled.

"Sadie, sit!" Granny Tara said too.

Sadie sat back, huffing.

Mercury's fists are tight, her nails digged into her flesh.

"If I wasn't a friend of the twins, I'd have missed all these dramas and I'd have cursed myself." Rivera chuckled.

"Did Ryker send you here to...spy?" Esme said dangerously.

"Ryker doesn't send spies if it's not his knights. He stayed in the Heartless Tower for years, and I know how he operates. Also, Ryker wouldn't send his beloved sister on a spy mission with those brandings on her forehead. She's real." Zeke sighed.

"I'm enemies with Ryker and Shay already, and I'm ready to join this family, pledge my alliance, be a good wife to Soren and tell y'all every secret I know about both Shayla and Ryker, in return..." Xena negotiated.

"In return for what?" Zeke asked.

"Help me find my father and my twin sister, and protect us well, both powerfully, and wealthily." Xena replied ambitiously.

"I wanna slap her pu**y till it bleeds,is she mad?" Sadie stood.

"Pa, Granny. Don't tell me you're going to bend to the wishes of this wench!" 

"I told you to sit, Sadie! I am the head of the family, not you!" Zeke yelled.

"I'll go rest at this point, happy family drama continuation," Pearl stood.

She left the large meeting room for her own room.

She entered the cozy room and shut the door, sighing and cracking her neck before walking to the floor-to-ceiling window to slide the glass open.

A cold refreshing wind blew in, causing her to smile.

"My husband is back in the city, of course the refreshing weather is back..." She muttered, breathing in.

She rested her palms on the glass, her smile turned evil. The red pearl sign on her forehead brandished.

"We're both ineligible, Ryker. The only difference is that I stole it in my first life, but for you...it was dumped on you in your first and present life." She muttered, sighing.

"Things will get clear soon, and divinity will be rearranged."

--

[Fire Palace]

The gods were holding hands as Shayla took Ryker around, showing him everything there is to see, down to her panty bag in her closet.

"The heavens are generous on me, my palace might be the most uncomfortable, but it's rich." She said as they came out of the closet together, hands still tangled.

"Your brag is sweet to the ears," Ryker replied.

"You do that all the time too..." She faced him with a slight pout.

"Do what?" He frowned a little.

Shayla cleared her throat, preparing to mimick.

"Unless I want to die, no one...I repeat. No one can kill me." She said it his voice, and he chuckled, lifting her up in a bridal style.

"But then, the heavens cheated me with the stature. I'm too small, and that's why you can always carry me easily, right?" She said, rubbing his plump ear shell.

"Sure, you're like an egg..." He replied with a lip tilt.

He's currently walking the thin hallway.

"I knew you'd say that," she rubbed his bare chest cos his robe is a dangerously low v-neck.

"The poison came from Anatoli," he finally talked.

"What! I was suspecting it, but I was holding myself back,  but it's actually true?" She gasped when they got to the fireside pavilion where he dropped her on a table.

He stood between her laps, bringing her legs to wrap on his waist so their bodies are gummed again.

"Poison tears isn't a common ability in this city, last time I came across someone who had it was one of the girls who tried to seduce me during my bamboo groove checks, and I killed her. The downside to it is that it only works on family members. You can't get the ability if you don't have mad hatred in your heart for your family." 

"The poison makes your heart shrink till it bursts, which is why I bled from the chest that day. I summed everything up, it has to be Anatoli." Ryker explained.

"Why exactly would he have such hatred for his family, including his late wife?" Shayla replied.

"Power hunt is a brutal driver, drives even the strongest crazy." Ryker replied, staring at her lips.

"But...when did you find out about the kind of person he was? That he killed Dominika and all that," Shayla asked, still curious.

"Beginning of this year," Ryker sighed. "Before that, I had my suspicions, but by January, i found out everything silently." 

"And you've been keeping it inside alone?" Shayla caressed his face.

"He's not worth my attention, he's only worth death, but that'd be after he finds the godslayer sword. I'm going to use him to find it, take the sword and destroy it myself." He said, his eyes still refusing to drop from her tempting lips.

"I heard...the sword is the only thing that can...um...kill us." She said.

He could hear fear in her voice.

"In our last lives, Pearl killed us with it, and since then, it has been missing, hiding within their fuçked up family. But don't worry, you won't die at my watch." He brought his face closer, lashes lowering, still on her lips.

"Soren...when I went to the city tower...my fire didn't work on him, and I'm still in awe..." She said, noticing he's coming close.

Her lashes went down too, meeting his approaching lips.

"Soren?" Ryker looked at her eyes.

"Maybe we could investigate together?" She whispered, resting her palms on the table surface.

"Yeah, tommorow. It's too tale tonight." He replied, finally sewing the space between them.

Lips met, tongues curled, arms gripped, and fingers held.

She had thought their kiss on the boat on the night of the feast was their deepest, but this right here topped that.

She was already panting for breaths in his mouth as his arms went thrown all-over her body, caging her to himself and eating deeper.

She moaned countlessly, the kiss tasting like a promise of forever to her buds. It tasted like bliss.

Even if she doesn't say it out, her chest is already slamming madly for this god, and she doesn't even want it to stop doing that.

It should get worse for all she cares. She wants every sickness that comes with it. She's greedy—for him.

She knotted her fingers on the collar of his robe, pulling him closer.

Spoiler; there was no space between them in the first place.

Ryker's hand went to the back of her head, holding her there and guiding her lips to pull, suck and bite.

He pushed the flower vases on the table away, and their breaking sounds on the floor played meaninglessly in their heads.

They pulled away at the same time, shared deep affectionate glances, lips pale from over-kissing.

"Don't stop kissing me, don't just stop it," Shayla whispered, eyes snapping shut as their lips collided again, fierce and hungry, and something else they both can't say.

Her hands peeled the top half of Ryker's robe away from his body.

The moment it dropped, he carried her away from that table, going inside with her, to the bedroom which has a white overall cover.

Like she weighted a wool, he placed her there gently, but she immediately switched their positions, coming up.

She deepened the kiss, sticking her tongue down his throat. Her hand went to his robe pants, digging inside.

She held his c0ck boldly, rubbing the cap and sucking on his button lip. She's so drenched that her panties are full of the wetness, extending to her robe at the back.

Ryker's eyes opened, and the kiss broke for a minute.

"Look who's getting bold," he whispered, that deep voice made her nîpples punch through her bra.

She grabbed his right hand, pinning it above his head. Her fingers caressed his cock again, from the base, his balls, to the top where she squeezed his cap softly.

"Fûck! Firefly..." His defenses shattered, not leaving a single brick as his body stiffened. He got harder at the mercy of her hand, and she smiled before doing it again—with teasing tickling fingers this time.

"Uhh... Shayla... Shay...ahh!"

He growled without restraints, letting go completely, not trying to stop her or take dominance from her. He allowed her, and she ruined him totally within that minute.

He became a hot wreck, a slick mess, sweating under her. For the first time in his existence, he sweated.

She let go of his c0ck, then pulled her robe up. With her wet panty still on, she sat on it, rubbing the cap on her entrance line like a tease.

"Darn...your highness..." He went stiff again, bones screaming. 

His flesh went bloodless. 

He was ruined once again, and just with that, he came on her panty.

"You just came, right?" She asked, the tiny voice going lower when she felt his drip on her panties...

"Are you gonna continue acting innocent after driving me crazy?" He replied breathlessly.

"Cheyenne said I was your first, that you haven't had any other female..." She whispered, bringing her lips close, teasingly again...

"I waited for you all my life, wouldn't climb any other woman..." He replied sincerely, and she smiled.

"Then it's mine. I mean you, your body, and your kiss..." She kissed him softly, licking his tongue.

"It has always been, now moan for me," he replied, tossing her and coming on top.

Spreading her legs, he pulled off her robe in one swift move, her bra and underwear with another one.

Pink nîpples so hard for him, tummy hollowed, eyes expectant, fresh pussy crying for his dîck.

It's crying so much, dripping.

"This pûssy will be the end of me," he kissed it deeply, tongue digging her cl1toris —licking her, then came back up to her face.

He buried himself inside her in one swift, sweet slide.

"Ahh....Ry. . .hhm"

--

[Human Realm, Cold-hearted Harem]

It's a cold night here, but that didn't decrease the numbers of slûts and whøres in the harem.

The ones at the gate are small in number compared to the ones inside the main house.

Rumi and Anatoli found that out since their two days stay in this place.

Caspian is a beast, always from one woman to another, nearly ten before the end of each day.

He never gets tired.

There's a disco party tonight for him and his company staffs to celebrate their upped sales, and the harem is overflowing with more ladies.

Turns out his company staffs are just man-slûts like him, and Rumi has soon so much nakedness today that she might consider lesbianism.

What are these ladies doing?

She shook her head disgustingly, taking her seat on a swing chair beside the filled green pool.

One of the company guys came to meet her.

"Hey, I'm Titus," he smiled, touching her bare laps since she's wearing a bikini thong.

"Then go fry yourself, fool!" She broke his wrist and pushed him into the pool with a loud splash, surprising everyone as she stood.

The only man she'd allow to have a taste of her cûnt is Soren. Just him.

She left the poolside, and two figures appeared from each corner.

Cheyenne and Sage.

They had sneaked their ways into this party with the guests list.

Cheyenne wore a bikini thong and a wide hat to cover her face, and her shape? It's insane. Her hips are to die for, first time she's not wearing her palazzo suit pants, and Sage had problem concentration.

Safe himself wore short knickers and and a black singlet, small hat to cover his face too.

They exchanged signals with their cups of champagne, then they went different angles, following Rumi.

Meanwhile, Rumi was still walking in the hall when she sighted something on her phone.

It's rare for lumi news to load in the human realm, but it did this time without her permission, and first thing she saw was Ryker's arrival.

"What the fûck!" She increased her running pace.

"Father!"

Anatoli appeared from the hall corner, and she bumped into him.

Her boobs mashed his chest, but she quickly stepped back.

"Look, he's back!" She showed him the news.

"I saw it," Anatoli sighed.

"Why so casual about it? You said your tears would make him disappear for months so that by the time he comes back, we'd have taken his wealth and we'd have the sword ready to kill him, but it's only been two weeks and some days! We have nothing on him yet!" Rumi spat.

"Calm down, I underestimated him, and yes it's my fault, but we're with Caspian, and I just found out Caspian isn't human at all. He'll be of help." Anatoli said.

"Where the hell is that pig? He's fuckin again?" Rumi rolled eyes.

"No. He went on a short journey and should be back in an hour," Anatoli hung his arm on her shoulder.

"I just hope Xena is fine," she sighed, following him down the lane.

"Trust my intuition," Anatoli replied, taking her back to the poolside.

Cheyenne and Sage came out of their hiding corners, following them.

Anatoli and Rumi gave each other a side smile. They're aware they're being followed.

--

[The Forsaking Vale]

Forsaking Vale is a realm located at more than hundred ladders below the Nine Heavens, a realm where gods and goddesses gets judged when their sins gets too overweight.

A realm where condemned gods aren't allowed inside the gate, where sinners are disgusting.

It's snowing heavily in front of the silver gate, and there's no ground or sand to see—just snow.

Snowstorm is always happening here, from eternity to eternity. Forever till forever, just like now.

The lights inside the gate are divinely bright—striking, but there's only one dim light in front of the gate.

The dim light shone directly on Caspian who's on his knees, shaking from the cold and teeth clashing from the torture of the snowstorm.

None of the divine beings or deities are ready to come out to him

He has been kneeling sickly here for three hours now, pleading...

"Pardon me!!!!" He yelled again, his forehead going into the snowfall to bow completely.

"Pardon me!!!" He yelled for the one thousandth time, raising and bowing and raising and bowing restlessly. He looks very energetic, determined.

"You've been begging here for years now, Caspian. Nothing will ever change, and an advise? Don't attempt to harm him, or you'll suffer a plague worse than leprosy." A divine voice came from inside the gate.

"But the millennial ice demigod mantle was mine originally!" Caspian yelled angrily.

"Did you forget what you said when you rejected the mantle twice?" The voice came again.

Caspian went mute.

"The heavens originally destined you with the millennial ice god mantle. It was planted in your spirit veins in your last life, but you rejected it, saying you didn't want to be stuck with one woman as your partner for life, so we gave your mantle to him in his mother's womb!" The voice turned cold.

Caspian's fists clenched.

"He died in the first life, and the mantle left his spirit veins. It came back to you as the original owner, but what did you do? You rejected it again! Saying you didn't want to be stuck with one woman for life! So we gave him the mantle in his mother's womb again," The voice calmed.

Caspian looked up.

"Why are you suddenly interested in taking the mantle back? Cos the mantle carries wealth greater than yours? Or because you set your eyes on his partner, and grew lust for her?" The voice continued.

"I am the original owner of the ice mantle! And it's an obvious fact that my partner will never grow a love thread for him no matter what! He has the mantle? Doesn't matter, I own it, now I'm ready to take it back! You know what happens if she starts suffering backlash for having the wrong partner!" Caspian threatened through his jaws.

He stood and dragged Shayla's picture out of his pocket, turning it to the gate as if showing the deities.

"My spies in Luminaria sent me this picture of her. This beauty? I swear on my life, I'll take her back, take my mantle back, and take everything else that belongs to me from Ryker. I don't even have to touch him, I have servants..." He laughed, turning around and going down the gate.

"They'll never grow a love thread for each other, and without the love thread, they'll never ascend nine heavens. Without nine heavens after their one year of being together, their cold and warm aura will stop working as treatment for both of them, cos I am the original, the blueprint!"

He looked back at the gate, grinning shortly.

"Watch how I take what's mine. Every fuckin thing, away from Ryker."

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Don't•Ever•Forgive•Me..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 91•92•93

NOW WE FINALLY GOT TO THE CLIMAX OF THE BOOK, AND A LOT DECIDED TO START GHOSTING COS THEY'RE SCARED OF WHAT MIGHT HAPPEN? LOL. CAN'T HANDLE THE MINOR TWISTS, SO WHAT'D HAPPEN IF THE "MAJOR" TWIST POPS UP?

BUT IT'S ALL GOOD. 

WE'RE NEARING THE YEAR-END, SO THE BREAKS ARE BAE—I GET FREE WORKING HOURS FOR MYSELF.

NOTE: EVEN WITH TOMORROW BEING SUNDAY, IF REQUIREMENTS AREN'T MET BEFORE 7PM, NOTHING IS COMING HERE ON MONDAY, AND IF I BAN U FOR GHOSTING TONIGHT, YOU CAN FINALLY REST.

★

Disgust. Irritation.

The two surged in Shayla's chest as she watched the dog of a man let out his load of sin between his legs.

Men only release this when they do stuff with a woman, so why is he doing it right now even without touching a woman? And his eyes are on her?

Is he getting off on her sight alone? Her eyes widened a bit more.

Also, he's inarguably the one who shot the bullet from earlier, that was enough to grease her fury, again.

Ryker moved at the same time she did, but she was faster.

Getting to him, she nearly caught his neck to snap into two, but Ryker reached them, stopping her from touching Caspian.

"Don't," he warned.

"Why?" Shayla's eyes rolled up to meet him. "He shot at you, your freezing didn't affect him, and now he's getting off at my sight?"

"I get to punish him for all of that, but you do not touch him with your hands!" Ryker raised his voice, and she immediately plucked herself from his firm hold.

"Is there something you're not telling me, Ry?"

"She's so damn fine, tell me why I shouldn't get my mantle back!" Caspian laughed from where he knelt between the knights, pants sticky wet with his mess.

Super-speeding, Ryker was with him again. He easily lifted him by the neck, but despite the painful agony-inducing position, Caspian was laughing.

"You can't kill me, you know that! Even if you fight me with your non-magical energy, I'll only get wounded but not die! I've been living since your first life, Ryker." He talked through his squeezed veins, legs dancing in the air as Ryker's cold fingers pressed his jugular down.

"In your first life..." Caspian started again. "You lived for 200, and in this current one, you've lived for 350, meaning I've been living for 550, I ain't your damn mate, Ryker! I might have forsook my mantle for two lifetimes, but I am still an Eternal, I live forever!!" He coughed, laughing again, more mocking than the first time and more confident.

It's like he's even enjoying the way Ryker is holding him up in the air by his neck, cos he's not trying to break free—not struggling.

He could feel Ryker's blind destructive anger, and he's using it to his own advantage by riling him up.

Shayla is still where she is, looking like the most confused person here.

Cheyenne and Sage look like they understand, and that even confused her more.

They knew, and she didn't?

She held her head with an hand.

"And now that I'm back and want my mantle back, you have no choice, Ryker. Not even a half!" Caspian spat, and Ryker's blue eye glitter reflected in the city ice, sending rays across the clear atmosphere.

Shayla's eyes widened again. 

She has never seen him this mad before,not even when he killed. This anger is new, and it showed in the insane amount of brightness which came with the blue rays.

Ryker dropped Caspian, and the man-slut fell down the skyscraper.

Ryker fell, too. He followed him.

Shayla tried following too, but she was blocked by the knights.

"What's happening? Tell me! Why am I not understanding anything?" She asked with her fists folded up.

"It's better if he explains to you by yourself," Sage replied calmly.

"No," Shayla held her head with an hand again. "Tell me everything before I go crazy here!"

"Caspian owns the mantle in Boss's body," Cheyenne dropped the bomb.

At first, Shayla just smiled, thinking it's a joke, but then she remembered it's Cheyenne who said it.

Cheyenne ain't a joker.

"What!" She gasped.

"He rejected it in his last life and this current life. Subsequently, Boss was given the mantle by the heavens." Cheyenne continued.

"I...I still don't understand." Shayla swallowed twice, her ears suddenly feeling so hot and feet feeling muddy.

She's searching the eyes of the knights as if there are answers written in there.

"Meaning... He's your real authentic partner." Sage talked clearly.

Shayla's arms dropped.

"You'd never grow a love thread for Boss, according to what I know, and he'd never grow one for you, too." Cheyenne said further.

"No," Shayla shook her head. "It's him or no one else. My heart already beats for him what do you mean another man owns what mantle? What's with the gods mantle and the rubbish others? It's impossible."

Cheyenne tried to touch her, but she shifted back quickly, shaking her head again.

"No."

--

[The Forsaking Vale]

Ryker and Caspian landed in front of the vale silver gate, and after they both got their footings and bearings, their eyes found the gate.

This time, a deity came out to them—long white robe, long white hair, long white walking cane, and aura.

He stood only at the vale gate threshold, and his face seems untouched by time.

"The mantle goes back to the owner," he said, voice echoing across.

"Why should I return the mantle when he rejected twice!" Ryker shouted, pushing Caspian forward.

Caspian crumbled on his knees, but surprisingly, he said nothing.

"You've shed enough blood of the innocent, maybe it's time to forsake?" The deity replied, his hold on the white walking stick turning firmer.

"What are you even saying!!! I was born like this! You shouldn't have given the mantle to me in my mother's womb if you were going to become hypocrites like now!" Ryker yelled, kicking Caspian on the ground.

Caspian's blood flew out of his nose. His face shot to the plain sky, blood spluttered out of his mouth, landing on the snowy ground.

Still, he didn't act.

"You aren't the first demigod, Ryker. You aren't the first one to carry the millennial ice mantle in you! There were thousands before you, but they weren't as ravenous and bloody." the deity said calmly, the calmness seeming to annoy Ryker more.

He punched Caspian, and the man-slut got a split lip. Blood flowed down his chin, dropping on the snowy ground again.

"The mantle was dumped on me when I was blamelessly growing in my mother's womb, of course I'd grow bloodthirsty as side effects, it wasn't supposed to be mine!" Ryker shouted angrily.

"You were destined to die as a foetus in your mother's womb both in your first and this second life, but the mantle saved you. You're still alive, thanks to the mantle," the deity replied flatly.

Ryker's arms dropped devastatingly, and Caspian laughed on the ground.

"Now you have to give the mantle to the real owner. It's been six months since you met the partner. At one year, you know what'd happen if you both still stay together without the love thread." The deity said.

This time, Ryker laughed, but it was short and dark.

"So...what was going to happen if he didn't come ask for his mantle back?" He asked.

"You'd have been killed with the godslaying sword after one year—as a payment for the innocents you killed. And the partner would have killed herself and reincarnated as a normal human." The deity explained.

"And now that he's here to get the mantle back, what happens if I refuse to give?" Ryker smirked.

"Your warm and cold aura will stop working for each other after a year, you'd be killed mysteriously with the godslaying sword, and your memories would be scrapped away from her head. She'd go to her real partner." The deity explained.

Again, Ryker laughed.

"So... somehow, I'm at the losing end in every outcome. I'm just a borrowed vessel."

Caspian is still groaning on the ground, but there's no energy to even beat the crap out of him again.

Ryker looks drained already.

"If I willingly give him the mantle, what happens?" He asked weakly.

"You'd be killed with the sword, your memories gets scrapped from her head, everything about you gets wiped too, and she lives happily ever after with her partner." The deity replied, going back into the gate.

The gate closed.

Ryker's laughter cracked again, but it's just anger and pain.

"The godslaying sword should have been called Rykerslaying sword instead. The motherfucker was created because of me!" He laughed again, going on his knees.

Now it's Caspian's turn to stand and laugh despite his bloody, bleeding painful face. He was panting as he struggled to keep standing.

"Funny, right?" He said, but Ryker just knelt there, seeming powerless and utterly silent.

"Too bad, that no matter the choice you make, it favors me, but don't worry...I know the art of spoiling women, I'll give her everything needed. I'll turn her to my warrior." He cackled, jumping down the snowy area where the mighty door stood. 

He opened and stepped out, back to the human realm.

--

[Luminaria, East Palace]

The Millions Family returned to the East this morning after complete rebuilding.

By 10am, the necessities were set.

Everyone got their own room.

Zeke helped Xena get Anatoli on the line, the old man is currently on his way here to discuss the wedding rites and whatnot.

Esme is in the practice room, practicing her ability using a heavy wooden sword since the real sword isn't available yet.

Granny Tara are Zeke are supervising her as if their wellbeing depends on her success in slaying Ryker down.

Rivera and Sadie are at the lobby, chatting about how shameless Xena is

Mercury is at the dinning, sitting alone and staring into space like a depressed fellow.

Seems the wedding is really happening, and she's losing her shit.

Soren is in his room, alone. 

He and Sadie can do without each other now, so they got separate rooms.

He sat on his his bed foot, playing his qin and drowning in the tunes.

His rabbit—Sensei, is busy playing around the room floor, gathering tiny animal toys.

He's so into his qin that he wasn't even aware of Xena's entrance.

Xena sat beside him, and his face went up.

His eyes glowed frosty blue—exactly like Ryker's, but Xena didn't notice.

She's more focused on her seduction game, so she smiled sheepishly.

"Hey," 

He stood from the bed immediately, and she stood too.

"What are you doing here?"

"I came to say hi, is it such a sin?" She replied, suddenly lifting her blouse.

She's not wearing a bra.

She intentionally flashed him with her breàsts, and that was the breaking point.

Soren's hand flew to her face, slapping her once, twice, thrice, four times, five times...

The resounding hits kept coming till the seventh one, and she fell on the ground, her eyes turning on their own and her chest boiling.

"Sor—"

She couldn't finish calling that name when he dragged her up by the hair and shoved her head to the wall, smashing it there.

She got a crack on the forehead, her blood spilling, then he threw her across the room, over the bed to the floor.

Her blood pooled.

By now, she can't talk anymore. She just bled and lay there.

Soren crouched beside her body, his smile so scary as his eyes glittered the frosty blue again.

This time, she saw it.

"Xena! Your father is here!" Zeke's voice said from the door, but she couldn't even rise.

"Xena!" 

Soren took a bedsheet and covered her with it on the ground, he stroked her cheek.

"Now I'm more interested in marrying you, look forward to more bloody lovey dovey like this." He smiled wickedly before strolling outta the room.

When he arrived at the lobby, Anatoli is really there with the rest of the family.

"Where's Xena?" Anatoli asked.

"She's asleep. Let's talk about the wedding today, you can come see her tomorrow." Soren replied, giving no room for objections as he sat.

Zeke and Esme exchanged glances, wondering the reason for the sudden change.

Even Sadie and Rivera were shocked. 

Mercury pinched herself.

"You ok, Soren?" Granny Tara asked.

"Never been more ok," Soren replied blankly.

"Well let's get to it," Zeke stood. "Anatoli, you once worked as a chef for us in this palace, so it's a blessing that our children are getting married, on contract. She wanted us to find you and Rumi for her, also provide for you and your family, and in return, she gives us everything she knows about Ryker," Zeke said.

Anatoli smiled amusingly first, shoving his face down. 

This daughter of him might be useful than he imagined.

She actually stole her way into the Millions Family?

He smiled again, looking up.

"Who am I to say no?" 

--

[Blossoms Temple]

Granny Jojo and Lilith could already hear the chanting of 'Amitabh' from priests and monks as they came down from the car they came in.

The temple is the oldest and farthest in the city backwaters, and if they'd get anything at all, it'd be here.

Lilith was holding Jojo's bag as they stared at the stony cemented steps leading up to the mountaintop temple, and Lilith is already tired even without climbing.

"Let's go," Jojo told her.

"Yes, ma'am." Lilith sighed, following her lead.

It was more hectic and tiring than she expected. By the time they got to the top ten minutes later, they were both out of breaths, and sweaty.

Lilith sat on top of a rock, dabbing her sweaty face with an hanky.

Jojo left her there and went inside the prehistoric temple. She hasn't even stepped in fully when one of the monks blocked her.

"Are you here for the godslayer sword investigation?" He asked.

"How did you..." Jojo frowned.

"There are legends, granny. There are prophecies, and today is destined to happen." The monk smiled.

Lilith joined them.

"Come with me," the monk further said, leading them.

--

[West Palace]

Rumi didn't leave earlier.

After she made the investigation request, she was told by father and daughter to wait while they compiled everything they already have in their hands.

Within some minutes, the book was ready. Faye threw it down in front of Rumi, and Rumi scoffed.

"I asked for investigation, not some project. Besides, why did your investigation take just some minutes as if you've been waiting for me?" 

"You don't expect us to tell you the story with our mouths, did you? And you're right, we've really been waiting for you to come." Astor replied, and that was when Rumi figured out how serious this is.

Still looking at them, she took the notebook and flipped it open, reading through as if fire lived in the pages.

It was the longest one hour of her life. She read attentively for one full hour, neither blinking nor showing any emotion throughout.

Astor and watched her silently till she dropped the book back on the table.

She stood and started walking out of the room, looking drained like she has just been rescued from drowning.

Her arms dropped by her sides, head down, eyes forward, and shoulders saggy. She looks destroyed.

"You're not doubting if what we gave you is true or not?" Faye asked.

"The ink in the notebook didn't look like it was written today, it looked at least a hundred years old, I'm smart enough to tell real from fake." Rumi replied without looking back.

She went downstairs, and as expected, the rest of the family were already waiting for her.

"You promised to tell us about the orb, remember?" Winona said.

Rumi cast the three a short look, going from her to Kasia to Blaise.

Then she went closer to Kasia, whispering things in her ear before leaving the palace.

"Mother, what did she say!" Blaise asked immediately.

"Mother? Spill it!" Winona said.

Kasia was still looking speechless when Faye and Astor came out.

They look like they're in a hurry.

"Astor, where to? Faye?" Kasia asked.

"We'll be right back!" Faye replied, rushing out with her father.

Winona grabbed her glasses, and before anyone could stop her, she was out of the palace too.

"What exactly did Xena tell you?" Blaise asked Kasia, but Kasia just went inside.

"Mother!" 

--

[Rumi's House]

Rumi called Anatoli on her way home, so she expected to meet him here already, and he's indeed here...on the chair, eating from a bowl of lumi fries.

"See? I told you your twin was fine. She's getting married to Soren, and we just finished signing the deal. Your twin found her way into the Millions Family, isn't that great? But too bad it won't last, yunno what I mean..." He stood from the chair, bringing the bowl of fries to her where she stood.

"Here, where were you?" He asked with his usual deceptive smile.

"You intentionally slapped Azura's arse that night cos you wanted to use her to get into the Millions Family to get the sword! Mother would still be alive today if you didn't harbour this greed for power! It was all your doing..." She said calmly.

With a brow rumple, Anatoli took a step back and set the bowl of fries on the table.

"Rumi, what are you..."

"Mother's death was never what you made me believe it was! You planned everything! You're the one who told the motherless camp manager to come get me during mother's labour! You knew about the legend that says whoever kills the god with the sword and steals the orb gets half of the god's power! It has all been you!!!" Rumi slapped him in the face.

She's already crying.

"All my life, I spent hating my brother, thinking he was the cause of our misery, but it's actually you!!!"

Anatoli laughed at her face, suddenly grabbing her shoulder to hold.

"You should have kept shut when you found out, cos now you're going to regret it. I've always known you're a smart bîtch who's not so easy to play like her twin, but you shouldn't have gotten smart with me, cos now you pay for it." He threatened.

Rumi shook his hand off with a bite and tried to cast a spell on him to bleed, but nothing happened.

"Fûck you!!" She screamed, going for the door.

The door closed violently, obeying a spell from Anatoli.

She looked back, eyes too shocked. Too terrified.

Anatoli just cast a spell!

"I am a Siphon, I siphon abilities for a living. I have no power of my own, but I've gathered enough powers, enough for me to dominate, your spell casting ability and Xena's animal ability included," Anatoli smiled, and her chest squeezed.

She started trying to open the door, frantically and fruitlessly till Anatoli dragged her back inside.

No amount of her coke energy could help, she's too weak for him without her ability, so when he threw her in bed and kissed her roughly, she could only shed bitter tears.

"I am going to have you, then kill you," Anatoli said grossly, tearing her blouse away.

She was about to get rid of her underwear too when the door bursted open.

Astor entered with Faye who's in her snake form.

With her mouth, Faye pulled Rumi out from under Abatoli. She threw the half-naked girl on her back and crawled out of the room through the weak wall.

The wall broke and crumbled on top of them as she walked into it, and Rumi had to slip to the side of the snake to avoid getting crushed.

She quickly held tight to the snake's body, and Faye leapt to the sky, levitating away with her.

Now it's just Anatoli and Astor inside the room, but obviously, Anatoli isn't ready for this.

He stepped back.

"I'll see you when I see you, Astor Viper," he smiled, summoning butterflies to cover Astor's view.

By the time the butterflies cleared off, he was already gone.

Astor cursed under his heavy breaths, then he felt someone coming in behind him.

Even without turning, he knew who it was, so he smiled before backing the wall, finally facing her.

Winona.

"Astor Viper?" Winona removed her glasses, shocked to the bones.

"Too bad, I liked you as a stepdaughter, Winona. If you hadn't followed me, your days would have been longer by some days." Astor sighed casually.

"You're from the Viper family," Winona muttered as the pangs of betrayal settled deep, burning.

She crushed her glasses in her palm.

"Why?" She crushed the rims too. "Why!!!"

"Cos your family shouldn't even exist! Y'all are bunch of cruel peeps who don't deserve air!!! Your bloodline should be exterminated, and that is going to start from you. Blame yourself for making it this fast!" Astor shouted, taking one of Rumi's heels from the shoe rack.

He tossed it into the air, targeting her throat for death.

Smartly, Winona tumbled.

She was able to avoid it, but she wasn't very fast.

The thin heel stabbed her in the throat, cutting her windpipe and letting out hot blood.

As she crumbled on her knees, holding the bleeding neck, she suddenly remembered she has lived once as Pearl's personal maid.

She remembered this is her second life, and now... she's...

Tears rode out of her two eyes before she fell on her side, bleeding away her remaining life as it fell out of her.

Astor knelt beside her and covered her eyes with the kids, smiling.

"Rest in peace, stepdaughter,"

He extracted her core and ate it right there. No remorse. Just satisfaction.

--

[Fire Palace]

After the happenings in Russia, Ryker didn't even wait for the next meeting, he returned straight to Luminaria.

He hasn't said a word to Shayla throughout the comeback journey, and Shayla herself just stayed between the knights, looking like she has been robbed of her vocal cords.

He looks angry, like he doesn't want to talk, like everything is making him mad. The air, the heat, the atmosphere, even the ground and himself. Everything.

It got worse when they arrived at the front gate and met Liza waiting.

Kade left already cos he was tired of waiting, but her adamant self was determined to see this to the end.

She stood from the rock she sat on, facing the coming people.

"You look good as usual, daughter." She smiled, giving the knights a disapproving look before settling his gaze on Ryker whose eyes are burning presently.

She said nothing to him—she wouldn't dare.

She faced Shayla again.

"Why are you here?" Shayla asked, the anger in her voice messing up her tone. She sounds shaky.

"To see you, what else?" Liza replied boldly like she rules this street.

In the next minute, she was in Ryker's choky grasp.

Ryker vanished with her into the palace, and Shayla followed.

The knights were last

On getting inside, Liza was already bleeding.

Ryker actually grinded her face on the stone pieces. Her brows peeled off, and the nose is in half.

Her blood stained his face in dot splashes, and he's about to throw her into the lava and volcano between the black rocks. 

"No!" Shayla cautioned.

"Then kill her yourself," Ryker looked up, his sour expression not giving space for turndown.

He looks ready to go to hell.

"She's the villain of my youngest days, and I hate her, but I've been hiding my hate so well cos the moment I let it out, I knew I'd destroy her. I'm not like her, and I don't want to kill her." Shayla said.

"You're still being this soft for a wench who did series of unforgettable things to you? Are you kidding me?" Ryker sneered.

"It's not being soft, I just know my limits. I don't want to kill her, just let her go." Shayla replied.

"And that's my daughter," Liza laughed victoriously from the ground, her blood sweet on her tongue as it entered her mouth.

"You want me to let her go because you actually still care for Kade, and you don't want him to become motherless, isn't it?" Ryker smirked, his anger mounting.

Shayla went silent. He got her.

"Same guy who hates you more than anyone in this city for sharing a mother with him? You can't remain this terribly soft when you live in a world where everyone wants your powers! Softness is being thoughtless! Kill! Shed blood! Have no mercy! Be unapologetically crazy! Do it and don't look back! Stay unremorseful! Do Your Worse!" Ryker yelled angrily.

Liza smiled disgustingly again, liking that this is fruiting the right way. 

It's causing a misunderstanding like she wanted, and soon, things would clear up in her favor.

"I'm not you, Ry. You're the bloodthirsty one, and I didn't for once try to change you. Don't try to change me now and just tell me what exactly is going on cos I know you're angry for another reason, you're just using Liza to vent it out!" Shayla replied, voice already shaking.

Somehow, she feels nauseous, and her eyes feels like they're turning, but she contained it before talking gently.

"And stop yelling at me, it hurts when you do that..." 

"Since you're not ready to do it, I'll help you out," Ryker lifted Liza

The brazen woman gasped when her body flew towards the volcanic rocks.

That was when she realized this is going beyond her control.

"Shayla do something! Shayla! Shayla you can't let him... Shayla!!!"

"Ry... don't." Shayla attacked, but her strike wasn't as strong cos of her lingering nauseousness.

Her eyes widened.

"Don't do it! Don't d—"

But Liza's body already landed in the volcano, melting out of existence.

Shayla held the rock beside her, gasping repeatedly as her eyes clashed with Ryker's darkly unapologetic ones.

--

[Morozov Household]

The house has been empty since Dominika's death years ago, so only the sounds of Anatoli's metal digger as he digged the bedroom ground filled the house in echoes.

Since Caspian mentioned the exhumation, he hasn't stopped thinking about it.

If he could really exhume Dominika's body and crush her skeletal bones with his tea, it's all he needs to hone his powers. 

At least before Soren's birthday.

After about fifty digging process, his digger met the coffin lid, and he smiled like he had just conquered the world before dropping the digger.

Sweat fell from his brows as he dug the remaining earth with his fingers, unrelenting till he got all sand away.

The coffin is destroyed as expected of a 350 year old stuff, but no matter how, there should still be some crumbs of her bones inside.

He lifted the tattered termite-eaten lid of the coffin, expecting to meet some bones, but he met nothing.

No bones. No crumbs.

It's not even smelling.

He raised the coffin completely, searching the base for any fallouts. 

There's still nothing.

His heart hammered in his chest.

His phone rang, and he jumped at the suddenness before pulling it out with his soiled hand.

It's 'Master' calling.

"Where you at?" The question came unexpectedly.

"At my dead wife's grave. I heard about exhumation and wanted to try it, but couldn't find her bones." Anatoli replied breathlessly.

"Maybe you just need to try harder? It's been 350 years. Try harder, Anatoli." Master replied, hanging up.

"Why would she call by this time, and she called me by my name? Weird," Anatoli sighed, returning to his search.

Outside the house, the figure in red cloak stepped out of the broken pavement, into the dark night.

She pushed a phone bank into her cloak pocket, each step heavier than the last one.

She lifted her cloak away from her head, suspending her red veil from her face too.

She looks old, but at the same time young, like she has been in a battle with age for years.

Dominika Morozov, the mother.

Her cloak was flowing with the night breeze as she levitated, traveling with the air.

She didn't take long, didn't branch anywhere till she reached the underground palace where she perched majestically on the roof.

She broke the rocky roof to create a passage, and she jumped inside the palace from there.

As expected, Pearl was waiting like a predator with her arrow.

She released four at the same time, but Dominika slammed herself on the wall, allowing the arrows to fly past with dangerous whistling sounds before going for Pearl again.

But Pearl wasn't done. 

She pulled four arrows again, releasing them faster than the first batch.

"Who the hell are you? Barging into my palace? Rude!" 

Dominika avoided the four arrows, skidding and bending like they're ragdoll toys before.

Heroically, she caught one of the arrows before landing in front of Pearl, her footwear crushing the ground stones.

"I see you've got nerves!" Pearl mocked, using her bow to beat Dominika's face.

Another whistling sound stirred the air, but the woman didn't even move, didn't shake.

She targeted Pearl's stomach and stabbed it with the arrow she caught.

Pearl's scream was painfully piercing as Dominika twisted the arrow, deeply inside till it reached her womb.

Pearl fell back, leaning on her throne. Her eyes reddened, shooting up to the strange woman in front of her.

"Who....are...you...aghhghhhhh!!!!!!!"

"Godslayers like Esme who only cultivated the ability won't be able to do you a thing without the sword, but a slayer like me who was born with the ability...I can make you sleep for years without the sword, so you better answer the questions truthfully!" Dominika threatened.

Pearl swallowed repeatedly, hot bitter saliva.

"You'll never know the pain of a mother who was created to kill her own son, but at the same time she's doing anything and everything to protect him! I'll do whatever it takes to move evils like you out of his way, so give me answers!" Dominika continued with unpracticed fierceness, picking another arrow.

She used the sharp tip to raise Pearl's chin up, slowly but with enough precision that could kill.

Pearl froze, womb and stomach bleeding to her legs.

For the first time since she lived, her body trembled without rhythm.

"First question; who owns your wretched pregnancy? Ryker?" Dominika asked dominantly, her blue eyes madly mean.

Pearl hesitated, and Dominika shifted the arrow to her throat...

"I'm not pregnant!!! It was all my plan!!!! I'm not carrying a baby!!! I'm not pregnant!!!" Pearl confessed.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Don't•Ever•Forgive•Me..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 88•89•90

Complete requirements before 7pm tomorrow or I'm not typing anything again just like yesterday.

Especially with my insane catarrh.

Reply all comments, drop urs, like and Massively Share.

★

[Cold-hearted Harem]

Rumi and Anatoli had their seats beside the pool, clinked their glasses and shared another smile before drinking, trying to pretend to focus on the party and at the same time waiting for when the two intruders would get closer.

The champagne in their glasses refused to shake as their bodies stilled at the same time, and that was enough to alert the knights.

They're aware of being seen.

They took two steps back, and Rumi instantly stood with Anatoli.

Rumi cast a spell to stop every of the other guests from moving, and they all went still like the champagne, so they now have time for the knights.

Cheyenne took off her hat, and Sage shifted his hat back to the middle of his head, revealing his face too.

"It'd always be you guys, Ryker's hunter and huntress," Anatoli sneered darkly.

"Sneaking in? Height of foolishness." Rumi smiled, wrapping a chiffon on her waist to cover up.

"Since when?" Cheyenne smiled back, but there's enough venom to lace a dozen bullet under that smile.

"The same father who's the Genesis of the problems?" Sage nodded. "I'm convinced that you and Xena share a brain, half and half."

"You have a pretty face, too bad your mouth rivals a sewage stink!" Rumi laughed.

"Listen, daftie! We came here to teach you both a lesson for what you did, but here's an advice for you—free of charge. Run from your animal of a father, or your untimely death will come directly from him!" Cheyenne slammed angrily.

"No, don't run," Sage chuckled. "I'd love to see how the corpse of a daughter killed by her father looks."

"Done with the lectures?" Anatoli spoke up.

"Shut up, old wuss!" Cheyenne bared her long nails.

Sage suspended his black rope from his wrist.

Together, they lunged father and daughter.

Rumi's spell failed. She suddenly can't cast another one on them cos the people she spelled to stay still are still there, so she hid behind her father.

Anatoli cracked the wall beside the knights, crashing a dust concrete down on them, but they skillfully rolled out of it, and Cheyenne's nails found his bare legs. 

She tore him in five lines, representing all of her cruel nails.

Anatoli couldn't do anything but scream, shaking the silent neighborhood.

Unable to watch her father getting overpowered, Rumi kicked Cheyenne in the face, and the latter rolled back, but Sage didn't let her go for that.

He wrapped his rope on her neck from behind, strangling her.

Rumi gasped for breaths, writhing and shrinking to her knees.

Anatoli picked one of the round fallen concretes, replicating it to five just like he did the hairpin.

The five went to Sage, but before it could clash with him in the face, Cheyenne was already there.

She punched three away with her fists, and Sage kicked two.

Together, they blew father and daughter twice in their faces.

Rumi fainted flat, but Anatoli is strong as fûck. He successfully gave Sage a gash on the shoulder.

"Let's go!" Cheyenne dragged Sage, both levitating to the wired fence.

Anatoli ran after them, but they vanished from there.

Taking a breath, Anatoli fell on the ground, blood pouring from his face from the punch he received.

His jaw got dislocated, so his mouth isn't straight. Also, his nose is bended.

His chin has a large wound, too, his torn leg is still bleeding.

He looked over at Rumi on the ground. She's the same.

Dislocated jaws and wounded cheeks, bleeding mouth. There's a round wound on her neck from Sage's rope.

Anatoli crawled there, and instead of finding a way to tend to both of them,  his eyes fell on her exposed bóobs top

He was already bringing his hand to it when he heard someone cough, and the hand stopped halfway.

His face went up, and Caspian entered with a delighted smile.

He squatted in front of him.

"Yunno, I'm a man-slut or the debauchery pig like many would say, but lusting on my own daughter? That's a little too low, don't you think?" He whispered.

"It's not... what...you...think" Anatoli struggled to talk with his bended mouth as he sat on the ground.

"But..." Caspian leaned to him, eyes a refuge of evilness. "You're like my business partner, so your secret is safe." 

Anatoli looked away.

"But your face is a total mess, you got beaten by the knights?" He laughed.

"You knew the knights entered?" Anatoli squinted.

"The invited guests list shot up by two. Who else would be bold enough to sneak into my harem if not his knights? I deliberately let it slide cos I wanted to see what you and Rumi would do, but I'm disappointed." Caspian's smile disappeared, replaced with a hard acidic glare.

"You came here to snatch his wealth with your mediocre powers? You couldn't even defeat his knights, but you're targeting him? Are you shitting me? You've been planning this for how many years? And yet, you're still as useless as ashtray in a damn car!"

"Rumi believes I'm not very strong, I have to keep it that way." Anatoli replied, standing up.

He spat blood on the fallen bricks.

"You're only pretending to be a weak-ass dude cos of your daughter?" Caspian touched his shoulder.

"Good! Very good!" 

"You have a runny mouth, don't go and mistakenly say it. Rumi is smart and suspicious." Anatoli whispered.

"Rest assured," Caspian closed his eyes and opened it... "I'm no idiot."

Rumi coughed back to life on the ground, and the two men shifted their eyes to her.

She groaned, punching herself in the mouth to reset her jaw.

"The beauty is finally awake, can you at least remove the spell you put on the guests?" Caspian spoke.

"What about the broken walls? Won't they get suspicious?" Anatoli asked.

"Suspicious in my house?" Caspian scoffed. "It's part of the fun. Rumi, Remove the spell."

Rumi removed the stilling spell, and the guests began moving, resuming what they were doing.

They didn't even notice the broken walls in the hall.

"I'll have the home manager get someone to plaster the walls back," Caspian said, pulling a cigar to put light on.

"I'll be in the room. We got beaten so bad that I don't even wanna look you in the face right now, Pa." Rumi held her side rib as she walked away.

"It's worth the shame, girl. I understand you!" Caspian shouted.

"Stop it," Anatoli muttered, and Caspian laughed again.

He guided Anatoli to his home office since the old man can't walk by himself.

Cheyenne's nails marks on his legs is trying to really cripple him.

Caspian set him on the soft couch in the spacious tobacco-reeking office.

He got them a bottle of spirit which he popped with dramatic loudness.

"My doctor should be here anytime soon, you'll get treated." 

"You know human doctors can't do anything about wounds caused by Luminarians. I can heal myself,but Rumi isn't aware I have healing ability, so...I have to keep it bleeding till we get back to Luminaria. I'll pay a healer alchemist to heal us." Anatoli explained.

"Oh..." Caspian pushed one of the spirit bottle to him, grinning as he drank from his own.

"I get that, but tell me...when did all of your plans start? A storytime?" He shrugged, casually strolling around the old man's chair while swirling the cup of spirit he's holding.

"You're not normal," Anatoli looked up swiftly.

"I'm far from normal, dawg." Caspian stated frankly.

"It started when Ryker's pregnancy turned seven months," Anatoli said.

                   [350 Yrs Ago]

Dominika is now seven months gone, meaning in two to three months, she'd be giving birth to the bloodsucker child, but the surprising thing is that immediately the pregnancy clocked six months yesterday, she stopped trying to trying to kill herself.

She's calmer than usual, and she has been trying her best to not drink directly from the blood bags. 

She has been on blood transfusion without saying a word to her husband.

At first, Anatoli wondered why, but he later came to a conclusion; she got tired and decided to accept her fate.

That must be it.

Dominika just finished taking her second blood bag for today, and she had fallen asleep, so Anatoli took the twins to the top pavement to play with them and spend time.

Xena got herself busy with the popcorn bag, but Rumi didn't seem interested. She just sat beside her father, placing an head on his lap.

"Why does mother dislike the child in her belly?" She suddenly asked, her voice too rigid for a three year old.

"Because..." Xena drawled from the other side with her mouthful of popcorn.

"Because?" Anatoli faced her. Rumi lifted her head and faced her, too.

"Because... He's...bad. A bloodsucker." Xena replied, her voice nothing close to sharp. She's stuttering a little.

"But... teacher at daycare said children are blessings, just like us." Rumi said.

"Children are blessings, but that one in your mother's womb is a curse, a bloodthirsty one who makes your blood run dry." Anatoli said.

His phone buzzed.

Seeing it's a new line, he left the kids at the concrete, going to the staircase to pick up.

"Yes?"

"Your wife is carrying a demigod, and you're probably planning to kill your wife after she gives birth, cos you want to steal the child's powers in the future?" An unknown voice dropped.

Anatoli went lower on the staircase, his eyes dilating.

"What do you mean? Who are you? How did you —"

"I'm an helper, I wouldn't watch you kill yourself." The voice interrupted.

"Tell me who you are!" Anatoli demanded with desperacy.

"You won't be able to do anything without the godslayer sword, and to get it, you'll have to find your way into the Millions Family." The voice said, hanging up.

"Godsla—hello? Hello?" Anatoli repeated restlessly.

                   [Present Time]

"That was the first time we communicated, and since then, she has been my Master in the shadows, always helping." Anatoli said.

"And you haven't seen her?" Caspian demanded suspiciously, tapping his index on his glass rim.

"We'll only meet when I get the sword, we had a deal. She's a godslayer, and only a godslayer can wield the sword, so I'd be needing her help by then." Anatoli replied.

"A godslayer? You mean Esme? I know that whore." Caspian inquired.

"No. There are two. Esme is one, my hidden Master is the other." Anatoli said confidently.

"Cool. So...you found the sword yet?" Caspian sat in front of him.

"I found out the location already, but a little more time before it'd be eligible for me to get." Anatoli smiled.

"Isn't there a legend that whoever slays the god with the godslaying sword gets half of the god's powers? And if you're lucky to get the FrostOrb too, you get fully empowered as a demon," Caspian pulled his frame closer to whisper...

"The Bloody Demon," 

"Why else do you think I'm struggling so hard? Of course I want the power," Anatoli replied, staring down at his bleeding leg.

Caspian smiled, taking a sip.

That's never happening.

Not when he's here as the original demigod.

Anatoli has no idea about that fact, so he's just gonna use this old man.

"Ever heard of exhumation ritual?" He said, capturing his attention.

"Exhumation?" Anatoli blinked.

"Your wife is the only dead member of your family, was she burnt or buried?" Caspian asked.

"I always told people she was burnt, but she was actually buried in our former household, under the bed she birthed Ryker on." Anatoli replied.

"Good. When you get back to your city, go exhume her skeletal bones, grind them to dust and take it with your tea. She's the demigod's mother, her bones still carries powers you could use against him." Caspian said.

"Seriously?" Anatoli gasped.

--

[Rumi's Room]

Realizing that the wounds on her body would not heal unless they get back to Luminaria, Rumi just let them bleed away.

She's sitting at the feet of her bed, her mind bouncing back and forth with what she heard from Anatoli earlier...

"Rumi believes I'm not very strong, I have to keep it that way."

She was actually already awake when Anatoli said that, she only just lay there to hear more.

Now why would her father pretend to be weak for her?

Why??

She walked to the window, leaning there for a while.

Sensing she needed ginger, she got herself a small coke wrap and put some powder on her palm, sniffling it all at a go.

It hit the spot, right there.

Her head rang, loud and crazy. Shinny tears ran down her eyes, then she remembered Sage's words too...

"The same father who's the Genesis of the problems?" 

How?

She slammed her own head on the window, wounding herself severely more to calm down.

Also, why is her spell casting ability shaking? Earlier, she couldn't cast more than one spell. 

What's going on?

--

[Glass House]

The knights only sustained minor injuries,the gash on Sage's shoulder being the biggest.

They took turns to heal each other before settling for dinner at the dinning table.

"Don't you think we entered and exited the harem too easily?" Sage suddenly said, baring his mind.

"Caspian probably knew, and he just let us have our time. I wouldn't underestimate anyone at this point." Cheyenne replied, dropping her fork.

"You mean?" Sage said.

"Don't be silly, he probably let us have the fight cos he wanted to test the ability of his new partners in crime?" Cheyenne replied.

"Hmm," Sage nodded.

Cheyenne smiled slightly before drinking some water.

"I'm gonna go drum for a while, I miss my jazz set." She said, leaving him at the dinning.

As she walked away, Sage stared at her backside for a beat, his hand tightening on the fork handle till she was outta sight.

Soon, the sound of her drumming filled the mansion, and he quickly finished his food, wanting to go be her only audience fast, but his phone stopped him by tingling.

He pulled it out, gasping when he saw 'boss' on the ID.

He rushed to the jazz room to get Cheyenne.

--

[Luminaria, Fire Palace~Shayla's Bedchamber]

Shayla is fast asleep on Ryker's chest already. Sleep got the best of her after they did it thrice, and she has been deeply dozing since then.

They're both still naked, though. And he's still inside her, yet to pull out. She's literally sleeping with it.

Ryker's phone is to his ear, and his fingers are picking out her hair strands as he waited for Sage to pick.

"Boss!!" Sage's hyper voice bursted the speakers, and he quickly put the phone away from his ear...

"Shh. Wake her, I'll come down to Russia to kill you."

"Oh...apology. But I missed you!" Sage gushed like a girl.

"I should have called Cheyenne first," Ryker said, humourless.

"Right, you should have called me first, I don't make noise unnecessarily." Cheyenne's voice followed.

"How're you both holding up?" Ryker asked, resting his chin on Shayla's hair. She stirred, her arms tangling tight around him.

His cóck moved inside her, causing him to groan soundlessly, insane with her unending warmth.

The knights reported everything hitherto, and he listened attentively till the end.

"I'll be in Russia tommorow," He said simply and hung up.

It's hightime to meet the unintelligent dimwit—Caspian.

After his meeting with Pearl, he has been planning to meet with him, now time is due.

He stroked Shayla's face, dearly, feeling very bad that he had lied to her, but it's for the best.

--

[Same Night, Vipers Household]

Under the cover of the dark, Winona has been following Astor for an hour.

Since she started getting suspicious about him, she has been cautious.

She couldn't get herself to sit still, so when he suddenly left the West Palace tonight, she followed.

"Why would he come to Vipers Household?" She muttered, waiting for a minute after he entered the gate, then she entered, too.

She was tiptoeing, softly steadying her breaths till she entered the dusty old house.

She made her way to the Archive, expecting to meet Astor inside, but he wasn't there.

Frowning, she stayed still.

Where had he gone?

"Winona?" His voice broke behind, making her jump. 

She fell back on her butt.

Astor stood there in front of her, holding a brown journal to his hip

"Fûck! You scared me!" She held her chest, rising.

"I should be the one saying that. Why were you following me?" Astor asked, coming closer.

Winona smiled, awkwardly.

He's aware that she followed him? 

Maybe she underestimated him.

"Since the fake orb shattered, the West got deadass, I...decided to follow you when I saw you going out." She lied smoothly.

"Then you should have said so instead of sneaking, I'm your stepfather, Winona. You can't keep suspecting me." Astor said.

"No!" Winona raised her hands. "It wasn't suspicion, I really followed you cos I was bored, and now that you're here, why not let's continue our search for any clue about the curse?" She smiled, grabbing a book.

Astor watched as she sat below a shelf, backing it and flipping pages.

His eyes rolled, secretly to the right.

He slipped a small note into the book he's holding, returned it to the shelf and picked another book.

He sat beside Winona, and they started searching together.

Winona glanced secretly at him.

Her suspicions still hasn't died.

She'd die on the hill that Astor is hiding something which she's definitely going to find out.

They both left after two hours of fruitless search, and the moment they stepped away, the figure in red cloak appeared in the middle of the archive 

It picked the brown journal that Astor dropped, opened it to the middle and took the small note.

It left through the backdoor.

--

[Millions Family Penthouse, Xena's Room]

Xena didn't expect the approach to be easy, but Zeke was so open-minded.

He allowed her without doubting her intentions.

She was given the last room, and she settled quiet well. 

She's to rest tonight, and tomorrow they'll sign the alliance contract.

She doesn't even care if Soren is in agreement or not. All she wants is marriage with him to shame Ryker.

Also, once she becomes his wife, she'd automatically be a princess. 

That's enough to choke Shayla.

She'd have her own closet, too, and be in riches.

She'd find her father and sister, and she'd take good care of them as the new family head.

After all, she was the first to come out when their dead mother gave birth to her and Rumi.

Now that Ryker is gone from the family tree, she's the new first child.

As for the brandings on her forehead, Zeke has promised to find the cure, so she's calm about that one.

But her animal ability is giving her problems, and she has no idea why.

For weeks now, she hasn't been able to communicate with animals or summon them.

Is she losing her ability?

That creepy thought kept her awake in bed throughout the night, and that was why she knew when someone entered her room.

She kept laying still, pretending to be asleep till the person got close. 

Despite the room darkness, she could clearly see the shinny long knife with the person.

Getting to her bedside, the knife was raised. Xena rolled off the bed to the ground, slapping on the lamp beside the bed.

The knife stabbed the mattress instead, and Mercury's hateful murderous face came to play.

"What the hell is going on with you! You're gonna kill me?" Xena gasped.

"I can't be with Soren anymore, accepted, but you also can't have him! I won't allow it!" Mercury roared, bringing the knife down on her head.

"You sick freak!!! Get away!!!" Xena jumped to the other side of the bed.

Mercury followed.

Xena ran out of the room, bumping into Soren in front of it.

She went behind him, and Mercury burst out of the room.

Her arms dropped when she saw Soren.

"Back to your room," Soren ordered authoritatively.

As if under a spell, Mercury dropped the knife on the ground.

She returned to her room, and Xena came out from behind Soren.

"Thank you, Soren" she held his arm, but he glared, and she quickly let go.

"You know what's good for you? Leave this house first thing tomorrow morning, cos all I can think of is killing you." He muttered.

"But you saved me from Sadie at the city tower. You suggested the torturing cos you didn't want me to die. You saved me from Mercury just now too." She said dreamily.

"You're senselessly entertaining," Soren scoffed, coming closer.

Xena blinked twice.

"I saved you cos even if you're gonna die, I'll be the one to kill you, and your bloody brother! I can smell the Morozov family blood on you, that's enough reason to make me want to end you. Stay out of my way, or I'll really get married to you and kill you on our wedding night." He whispered like a dark creep, pushed her out of the way and left.

Xena folded her fists, anger exploding inside her again.

"Is he mad at me because of Ryker? Even after I left Ryker, his influence still won't get off my way?" She muttered, kicking the door open.

She returned to her room and slammed the door shut.

Zeke and Esme have been watching from their own room door, and they both look impressed.

"It's finally starting, his expected change." Esme sighed.

"He's turning 341 in some days, why don't we fix the wedding for then?" Zeke replied.

"Perfect," Esme smiled.

"I'm not hearing Pearl anywhere. That nocturnal witch wouldn't be this quiet at night." Zeke wondered.

"She returned to her palace, I saw her leaving at 12." Esme replied, returning into the room.

"Whose child was she bragging about carrying? And I'm sure I saw a love thread on her finger." 

"Carrying a child?" Zeke scoffed.

"We'll see about it very soon. I'm keeping her around cos her powers will definitely help later,"

"Help us?" Esme faced him, pointing a finger forward. "She's infatuated with Ryker, think she'd agree to do anything against him?" 

"She won't do anything against Ryker, but she'd do against Shayla. Did you forget we're dealing with two gods here?" Zeke hugged her from behind.

Esme relaxed, shutting her eyes and inhaling the smell of his burnt face.

"And as for the love thread, if it was a real love thread, it should be seen by the partner alone. Everything about her is fake, I wouldn't set my mind on her claims." Zeke clarified.

"So...the process starts the moment we move to the East Palace tomorrow?" Esme asked.

"Yeah. We've rested enough." 

--

[Next Day]

Anatoli and Rumi returned to the city early morning, and the first thing they did was going to an alchemist to heal their wounds.

As they stepped out of the alchemist shop healthily, the morning sunlight bathed their faces.

"Today's 13th? It was 15th in the human realm" Rumi checked her watch.

"Human world is faster with days or hours sometimes, you should know these things." Anatoli smiled.

Rumi went silent.

"Soren's 341st birthday is coming soon, we should—"

"Before we go further with the plans, I'm going to find my sister." Rumi interrupted him.

"But I told you she'd be fine," Anatoli sighed frustratedly.

"I'm going to confirm by myself, will call you when I find her." Rumi replied and turned the other way, hijacking a bicycle from a kid.

She pedalled away.

"Should I just get rid of her and use Xena instead? Xena is obedient than this problematic crackhead!" Anatoli smacked the wall.

His phone sang, it's a new line which he picked skeptically.

"Yeah?" 

"Father?" Xena's voice sounded.

Anatoli smiled, rubbing his tongue on his teeth with an evil smile.

"Daughter"

--

[West Palace]

Rumi made a clothing store detour before coming here. She had her hair dyed and switched her aesthetic to the boring type, matching Xena's.

She was allowed entry into the West, and she met Kasia, Blaise and Winona at the lobby.

Faye and Astor are absent.

"Xena?" Blaise stood first.

"I'm afraid you're not welcome here anymore. We decided to leave the demigod's side, and you're his sister, so..." Winona said.

"I'm glad you're fine though. Yunno...from the feast chaos." Kaisa added genuinely.

"Aren't y'all after the real FrostOrb? Or maybe the FireStone? I can tell the Millions Family are ten times ahead." Rumi said with Xena's sweet smile.

"What do you mean?" Kasia stood.

"I'm here to see Faye. Let me meet her, then we can talk." Rumi replied.

After a second thought, Kasia gave her a direction.

"Third room," she said.

Rumi went upstairs, swinging the third room open.

Faye and Astor are inside, discussing in suspicious whispers.

"Rumi," Faye stood.

"Impressive, you see through my Xena disguise at a glance?" Rumi smirked.

"What are you doing here?" Astor demanded calmly, hands pocketed.

"I sent you a message, Faye, saying I knew what you are. I know you and Astor are from the Vipers household. You both are the greatest enemies of this West Palace, and you're both here for revenge." Faye said.

Faye and Astor looked at each other, speechlessly.

"But I'm not planning to spill your beans, I'm not that retarded." Rumi continued, sitting in bed and raising her sneakers to place on the pillow.

"What do you want?" Faye asked.

"I once asked my father to investigate you both, and he did it within a day. Now I feel like you both have the ability to investigate him too." Rumi said, eyes suddenly rolling up.

"I stayed at the motherless camp till I turned 50, and that was when I accidentally bumped into him. He recognized me as his long long daughter with my rare blonde hair, but now I'm starting to think it wasn't really an accident," Rumi walked to them.

She stood in their middle, placing an hand on each of their shoulders and locking eyes tightly with them.

"I want everything you both can find on my father, before and after he came to get me from the camp. Every fuckin drop of info." She muttered.

--

[Fire Palace, Bedchamber]

Shayla mewled as her lashes parted, giving way to the brightness of the new day.

She lifted herself a bit, and she felt Ryker's cóck slipping out of her pvssy.

She bit the corner of her lip, smiling as she brought her smallest finger to his nose bridge, tracing it.

His eyes are closed, seems he's still very much asleep.

"He actually left it inside me? Is that a kink?" She whispered, snuggling closer with a giggle.

She touched his lashes, then his plump ear shells, deeply admiring his facial features.

He's got four moles on his face.

His eyes opened, slowly, and her smile broadened when he brought an hand to her hair, stroking.

"You left it in" she said.

"You didn't like it?" He whispered, rubbing her chin with drowsy eyes, his deep morning voice so sweet.

"No...umm...I love it, ..." She said with red cheeks, and he smiled.

"We're visiting Russia today,"

"Really?" She gasped, blinking.

"The look in your face says you're happy, you're not bothered by the Millions Family?" He poked her nose.

"I'm bothered, but it's your revenge, Ry. Your revenge is also mine, so I'll move when you do." She said.

They left bed, had their bath together in the tub and dressed modernly.

"The Millions are waiting for the sword before they can attack, and I'm waiting for it, too. I have a errand boy remember?" He said as they went down the sleek hall.

"We have," she replied, and they chuckled, coming to a stop.

He easily opened a passageway on the wall.

"We don't have to go to the Crossover Command Building?" She asked.

"That's below me," he replied.

Shayla chuckled, her happiness boundless.

Just seeing him like this, feels her with immense joy.

Likewise him. 

Ryker feels genuine happiness, watching as her eyes became smaller when she smiled deeply.

He was already kissing her as they entered the passageway, and their lips are still dancing like mad addicts till the door closed.

The moment it closed, Liza and Kade appeared in front of the gate.

"The gate won't open for you, mother. She sent you away the last time." Kade said, highly frustrated.

"Sometimes, persistence works," Liza replied, sitting on top of the rock.

"I'm waiting till the door opens"

Kade huffed, but he dared not say.

--

[Russia-Moscow, Frost H2O]

Since the announcement of the CEO's arrival yesterday, the press got more than ready to feed their cameras and fill their reports.

As early as 7am, they were waiting in front of the headquarters, chatting through gists and expectations.

There are twenty staffs outside to do the welcoming, plus Cheyenne and Sage as the head.

The treasure hunters, shine team, and the attention seekers.

Different cadres.

Soon, a black Porsche rolled inside, halting at the triangle entrance.

Undoubtedly, it's him.

Reporters carried the weights of their cameras and mouthpieces, running forward.

Cheyenne and Sage were faster, but according to the rules, he hates when people open his doors, so they just stood beside the car till Ryker opened the door himself.

Cameras were like blinding sunlight on him as he rounded the car to go open the door for Shayla.

He helped her out, her princess-like pink dress so adorable, the neat bangs in her hair, and the face itself.

She was awed as the cameras rushed her face, more than Ryker's. 

They focused on her.

"Mr. Ryker Morozov, is she an important figure?"

"Is she an acquaintance?"

"Should the city be preparing for a wedding?"

"Please just a word! Just a reply!"

They completely forgot about the death of the securities, attention shifted completely to her.

Ryker held to Shayla's small hand, interlinking their fingers as they cut through the eagar crowd.

Cheyenne and Sage were enough to keep them far off, and Shayla made sure to not smile too much, somehow nervous to the newness of this thingy.

For the first time, she's surrounded by humans.

"Who's the beauty?" The questions of the reporters filtered in again.

With an head tilt, Ryker turned smoothly, over his shoulder.

He rubbed the back of Shayla's hand as he spoke affirmatively...

"My girlfriend, Moy Rodnaya." He replied, not missing a beat especially with the Russian words.

Shayla's heart nearly bursted. He just affirmed it in front of the city!

The smile she has been holding back shattered all-over her face, and her sparkly eyes watched him with pride

Hers. 

Her own.

Her Ryker.

Ryker's reply threw silence to the reporters, like someone had robbed them of their voices.

The camera even fell from one or two of them. 

No woman could claim a relationship with him in the whole world, but now he appeared with a beauty out of nowhere for this declaration?

Cheyenne and Sage stayed professional, and Ryker?

He doesn't give a fûck about anything else. He focused back on the walk into the headquarters, but the moment he took a step, it happened.

The air echoed with the blast of a gunshot, and it only took one second before the reporters all scattered.

Some wise ones went down, laying low completely.

Before the merciless bullet could pierce Ryker's chest, Shayla's eyes glinted, and the bullet stopped in the air before falling on the ground.

But Ryker was unfazed. It's as if he expected this turnout. 

A glare from him, the whole city froze except them, and the knights.

Cheyenne and Sage vanished, and Shayla quickly faced Ryker.

"Ry," she whispered, gasping again. Her eyes aren't scared, but they're worried, and angry at whoever shot that bullet.

"I'm fine, Shayla." Ryker gave her a assuring smile.

That was more than enough, so she nodded.

They teleported together, reappearing on top of three buildings away from the skyscraper.

Cheyenne and Sage are already there, but they're not alone.

There are three other people. 

Two of the people are kneeling in front of a sniper tripod— definitely the ones who shot, but they're frozen in place like the rest of the city.

The third person is in the grasp of Cheyenne and Sage.

He's in their middle, smiling darkly like a daredevil, his moustache and beard rose like dahlia thorns on his facial skin.

Caspian Yusluv.

Of course he wouldn't freeze. Ryker's powers would never work on him.

After all, he's the real owner of the mantle.

Ryker's eyes immediately resembled an hellion's, just jaws tightened.

"Finally we met in the grandest way ever, my substitute," Caspian growled, but his fierceness experienced a glitch when Shayla's confused face came to view.

It's the first time he's seeing her face-to-face, and to hell with the pictures he saw.

This woman is prettier, hotter and sexier than any woman he had ever laid eyes on.

What's sweeter is that...she's his woman—his rightful woman.

His divk hardened right there, for her. 

It rose madly without his permission, and he came shamelessly.

His cûm leaked out of his pants.

TBC
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Don't•Ever•Forgive•Me..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 94•95•96

→MAKE SURE TO READ THIS CHAPTER ATTENTIVELY. THERE'S A LOT OF HISTORY, I MEAN A LOT, SO YOU DON'T MISS ANY DETAIL.

ALSO, COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW OR I'LL JUST REST MY HEAD. IT'S A BUSY WEEK AND I WON'T JUST BOTHER.

★

The confession from Pearl seemed to lift an unseen weight from Dominika's shoulders.

The hard contours on her features lessened, and she readjusted her poise, but still keeping the arrow tip intact on Pearl's throat.

Her eyes went to the love thread on her finger, and she tore the thread apart in one swift move.

Pearl couldn't even gasp, she stayed still. Cos one wrong move would send her to a deep sleep.

"It's obvious, your thread is fake too," Dominika commented, smirking. "A real love thread should be seen by your partner alone—the god of air who doesn't even exist in this lifetime. And I'm guessing the thread you grew for Ryker in your past life was also fake."

"Yes. I created the thread using the toxins in my mind's eye, but I meant no harm. I swear I love Ryker so much and I just wanted him to reciprocate! I thought if he saw the thread, he'd take pity on me and grow a thread too!" Pearl confessed further, the blood from her stomach staining her shaky palms.

"You created a fake love thread using the toxins in your mind's eye? How dirty is your mind's eye at this point? Everything about you is unreal, are you even real yourself?" Dominika queried, bending to get closer to her reddening face.

"Are you?" She whispered.

Pearl whimpered, the weight of her body pushing against the throne.

"After Ryker disappeared during the feast, what happened? Why did you start pretending to be pregnant after he came back? And what were you planning to do with the pregnancy?" Dominika continued her queries.

Pearl folded her lips, hesitating again, and that angered the woman, prompting her to use the second arrow.

She rammed it into Pearl's belly, joining the first one.

Pearl's womb tore apart from the inside, and more blood rushed out. Not through her stomach, but through the middle of her legs.

"Stop! I'll tell youuu....stop!!!!! I said stop!!!!!!!" She cried, holding Dominika's hand as the dark claws of anguish had her hooked.

"I lived with him as his wife for years during our last life, and he once went to war with the god of air. It was tough, and Ryker ended up getting poisoned, but he still won. He killed the god of air. After the war, he suffered pains from the poison, and he disappeared for two years. During those two years, I searched for him like a madwoman, till I found him sleeping in a seclusive abyssal universe, dark and quiet under the root of the life tree." Pearl narrated, groaning.

Dominika reduced the grip of the arrow on her stomach, giving her more space to talk.

"When the feast was approaching last month, I caught a glimpse of him and saw the look in his eyes, it resembled the look I saw when he got poisoned in our first life, so I knew he was poisoned again, and I knew I would soon have my chance. I waited till the poison took effect on the feast day." Pearl continued.

"And? What happened after that." Dominika probed further.

Pearl looked up, tears falling out of her eyes.

          [Last Month, Feast Day]

After Pearl heard the news of the chaos at the East Palace, she knew the time was here.

She travelled far to the life tree which stood in the middle of The Resting Vale.

It's a giant nameless tree whose origin is void, but it's just known as the life tree where gods come to rest whenever something catastrophic happens to their life core.

Pearl was dressed in her best black robe cos she knew he loved black madly, and she made her eyeshadow frosty blue to compliment his millennial ice color.

She was ready to spend time with his unconscious body in the tree, but unfortunately, the tree roots weren't open. They were closed, they gave no space for her entry at all.

She dropped the basket of her belongings on the ground and started crying, loud and disturbing.

"This can't be happening! This can't happen! He's inside all alone why is it not opening!" She hugged the tree.

"Is it because I don't have the fire goddess mantle in this lifetime?" She gasped, blinking.

"Listen to me, Ryker. You might be in there unconscious, but your ears are working! You're not even the real ice god in your first and present life! The mantle was dumped on you in your mother's womb so you have no right to even love Shayla! You don't own that bîtch! And you know what happens if you refuse to drop the mantle in you for the owner? You'd die horribly! Even if you drop it, you'd still meet your end! I just want to spend the rest of your time with you! Is it such a crime? Is it a crime to love you this much?" She cried, hugging the tree again.

Her tears just cascaded hotly, and her lips kissed the tree.

She kissed again till she couldn't take her lips away. Imagining it as Ryker, she kissed the hell out of it.

She took off the first layers of her robe, leaving her in her see-through linen singlet and underwear.

She hugged the tree again, romancing it and giving it her all.

So far Ryker is inside, she's fine.

                    [Present Time]

"Who cares if it was the tree? He was inside, and that counts. The romance counts! I even came back to take condoms! I planned to stage a pregnancy show to ruffle Shayla's feathers and deceive her to betray him, that's it!" Pearl said.

"You're a sick one, Pearl." Dominika muttered, awed beyond words.

"I love him, and I deserve him! You won't understand! Why do you think my parents bought me the mantle in my first life? Why do you think it was so easy? Why do you think I didn't die after one year back then despite the fact that the mantle wasn't mine?" Pearl continued, laughing with her gnawing pains.

"It's because Shayla has always been this soft, angelic, pure fool. She has no desire for power! It's the fire mantle we're talking about, the most powerful of all the mantles. Even the deities are aware of the intensity, and it was bestowed on a gentle idiot like her? They contrast each other and she'd never be able to control it unless she toughens up which she's not ready to do. During that past life, my parents were rich alchemists, and her mother gave birth to her in our alchemy center. My parents recognized the mantle the moment they saw it in her..."

"She has been a gentle fool since birth, so she was uncomfortable even as a newborn baby, she was crying like a fool! My parents secretly extracted it and gave it to me. I was tougher, so I didn't suffer the one year consequence cos I deserved the mantle more! The only punishment I got was Ryker's hate for me, and we would have lived forever in that hate if I didn't catch him cheating with Shayla and killed all of us."

"Then we got reincarnated. Caspian dumped the ice mantle on Ryker for the second time, and he became the millennial ice demigod again. I reincarnated as the Underground Goddess with no partner cos Ryker killed the air god during our first life. And Shayla? She got her mantle back and reincarnated as the fire goddess, but the idiot is still lazy as fûck!" Pearl laughed at Dominika.

"Ryker has been managing it well cos... he's very cold and heartless himself—he compliments the ice power. Despite the mantle not being his own, he didn't suffer the one year consequence during our first life cos of that, and also because the real owner had no desire to take it. This second life, he managed it well too, he has lived for 350, hasn't he? He would have lived longer if the real owner didn't grow desire for powers. Caspian's desire is destructive, and if Ryker refuses to forsake the mantle, he dies, even if he does, he dies." 

At this point, Dominika stood, turned her back on Pearl and wiped a little tear from her eye corner before facing Pearl again.

"How did you know this much, especially about the real owner stuff?" She asked in a low voice.

Pearl chuckled ominously, the sound full of pains from her tummy that's still bleeding with the two stuck arrows inside.

"In this lifetime, I was born into the dark Millions Family, and I was once locked in a basement for being blind and useless. During those times, I had no memory of my first life yet, but I had dreams of Caspian Yusluv and Ryker Morozov going to war cos of the mantle, with Shayla in-between. I found out the history in my dreams. I was blind, but I could see clearly in my dreams back then, and I knew I was destined for greatness. I guess the heavens knew I would always be a villain, which is why they blessed me with the truth."

Pearl struggled to stand up.

The blood from her tummy was already clotting thickly as she smiled drowsily at the woman.

"Let me tell you something... The heaven deities are secretly on the side of the villains. If that's not the case, they should have rewritten the rule and make Caspian unable to get the mantle back, but you see...they love villains. And that's why even in my next life, I'll be reincarnated as a villain, a hot villain!" She laughed derisively, letting go of her tummy.

She staggered.

"You were the last person to use the godslayer sword in your last lifetime. Where is the sword located in this lifetime?" Dominika asked calmly, trying hard to digest every information Pearl is spitting.

"Only godslayers can wield the sword, so the theory that I killed with the godslayer sword in my first life is fake. I used an ordinary sword, and Ryker knowingly allowed me to kill him and Shayla cos he knew Shayla would reincarnate with her fire mantle in this lifetime!" Pearl spilled.

"I've never seen the godslayer sword, I swear! No one has seen it." 

Dominika removed the two arrows from Pearl's tummy, and she stepped back once.

"You're not going to put me to sleep like you said?" Pearl asked.

"Putting you to sleep would be a favor I'll never do you. I'm not that kind." Dominika smiled cruelly.

"Then...who are you?" Pearl asked curiously, keeping her distance.

"Dominika Morozov," Dominika replied, lifting herself off the ground.

She touched a stone with her leg, and like that, she left through the stone roof just the way she came.

Pearl fell on the ground, scrapping the small stones with her nails.

"Dominika? The supposed dead demigod mother? Impossible." She laughed, so loud it echoed.

But it was short-lived, and she gasped the moment she stopped.

She stood and started walking out, but she barely took two steps before she crumbled and fell again.

"Since things have come to this, I better prepare for the climax of this second life. I live and die with Ryker no matter what!" She groaned.

She tore a part of her robe and wiped the blood between her legs and the one on her tummy.

She tore a longer part of her robe and tied it on her stomach, crawling out of the palace.

--

[Vipers Household]

Faye brought Rumi here, and Astor joined them after a while.

The three have been here, silently.

Rumi just sat on the bare ground of the room they're in, and as she stared into space with traumatized eyes, Faye and Astor studied her.

"It's worth getting traumatized, I understand." Astor nodded.

"You killed Winona?" Faye muttered.

"Yeah. Faster than I thought, but it only hastened things up, and I like it." Astor shrugged.

"Now you only have Kasia to take care of, and I'll take care of Blaise." Faye replied.

"Are you sure you can really take care of Blaise?" Astor muttered.

"What do you mean?" Faye faced him with a scowl.

"I see the way you've been relaxing around that redhead." Astor replied.

"You know nothing, father." Faye said, avoiding his gaze.

"Why did you two save me?" The expected question finally came from Rumi, and they both faced the girl on the ground.

"Once, I was a poor farmer, and I had a wife who was pregnant with Faye. One night, my wife and I were on our way back from our apricot plantation  when i fainted cos of my chronic chest pain. My wife was running to the city to get help when her water broke. She gave birth on the way, and unluckily, she was on the Spectres farmland. They got angry and killed her, also proceeded to kill every member of our household, all because my wife birthed on their land." Astor narrated.

"That didn't answer my question," Rumi stood from the ground.

"It turned out that my wife didn't give birth alone that day. She had help from a woman called Dominika. The woman was her way into the woods when she saw my wife labouring, and she helped, but when the Spectres were approaching, my wife begged the woman to take the baby far away, and she did that."

"When I woke up from my deep fainting, my peaceful household was gone, and I wanted to die, but my hope was rekindled when Dominika found me and handed baby Faye to me. Since then, I have pledged the life of I and my daughter to her." Astor said, finishing the narration.

"Dominika? There's only one Dominika in Luminaria. My mother, and she's dead! She was killed by Azura and Zeke after she gave birth to Ryker, and father buried her in our household by himself." Rumi argued.

"Born godslayers never die unless they kill the gods they were destined to kill. Your mother's body died that day, but her soul simply entered another body. She's alive." Faye said.

"And that's right," Dominika replied from the door, entering.

With quickness, Rumi turned, and her eyes widened so much when she saw the tall giant woman, clad in red.

Her legs soundlessly took her to the woman. She staggered several times before she arrived.

She's already shedding tears, again.

"You're...you're mother?"

"I came from an ordinary family, but I was shocked when I found out I was actually a godslayer. I mean...slayers are hella powerful, the only creatures with the ability to kill gods." Dominika smiled, starting her story.

"But then I got pregnant with my third child. It was simple like a normal pregnancy during the first month, but at the second month, things changed. I guess that was when the mantle entered the foetus's body. I started craving blood, and I started growing the urge to kill my own baby. I tried suicide multiple times, but it was futile, but when the pregnancy clocked seven months, I learnt that I was carrying a god in my tummy. I'm a godslayer, carrying a god? Meaning I was destined to kill my own baby? What could be crueller than that?"

"That realization made me calm. I started thinking of ways to help myself out. Instead of thinking of suicide, I bit myself like a beast, cos I didn't want to hurt my only male child. I fought my slaying urges boldly, then I got an additional ability—the ability to hear thoughts and read minds. I could hear thoughts of people, and that included your father. I read in his mind that after I gave birth, he was going to kill me and steal my baby's powers, so I used that greed against him. I became his Master on call everyday."

"I formed a fake belief that whoever kills the god with the godslaying sword and takes his FrostOrb would have the gods powers and become a Bloody Demon. With that believe, I sent him to the Millions Family cos I knew the sword was there, and it's the only thing that'd kill my baby. My plan is that once he gets the sword and hands it over, I'll destroy it and die with it to protect my baby Ryker, but I never expected things to go so bad to the point of ruining our family." 

"So...the theory about the FrostOrb empowering people is also fake?" Rumi asked speechlessly.

"I formed every fake theory. The FrostOrb or FireStone belong to the gods alone, and it won't empower anyone who's not a god. The only beneficial thing about them is their blood. Unless you can catch a god and drain their blood to drink, you can't have any share from their powers." Dominika smiled.

"Damn, I love you!" Rumi ran into her arms, hugging her very tight.

"I love you so much, mother."

"I was always watching you from the shadows when you were still at the motherless camp. I made you realize your spell casting ability that day when the bullies wanted to take your bread pieces." Dominika said.

"It was you..." Rumi broke the hug to look at her face.

Dominika nodded.

"And when Anatoli came to get you, I didn't fight it cos I wanted you to see for yourself who exactly he was, which has already happened now." 

"But Xena..." Rumi said.

"I'll get Xena back in my own way," Dominika assured.

"And Ryker. Will he ever forgive me for hating him for years? Will you ever forgive me for being a druggie? I did coke, molly, ecstasy and everything hard." Rumi sniffled, and Dominika smiled, holding her face.

"It's all my fault, and about Ryker...I'm going to get the sword first before we talk about him. He's the legend we have to settle last." 

"I understand," Rumi nodded, hugging her again.

"Father siphoned my ability, and I think he took Xena's ability too."

"Your abilities will come back to you both when Anatoli dies, I promise." Dominika assured.

"That was a long reunion," Faye commented, and Faye chuckled.

Rumi hugged Dominika tighter.

--

[Clouds Castle]

Ryker barged in, and Eternus stood from the high chair he was sitting on in his vine room.

"Finally remembered your old acquaintance?" He grinned, but the grin was short cos Ryker pulled his hair, and dragged him to the wall.

"Ryker you can't always solve everything with violence and your hotheaded stubbornness! Your anger issue would solve nothing! You can't always win so let me go! You killed my original body, you can't kill this one too!" Eternus spat.

Ryker still jammed his head to the wall, and the seer bled.

"Ryker! I'm telling you, you can't—"

"Why didn't you tell me about this shitty occurrence? You're a damn seer you should have seen it since months ago!" Ryker demanded loudly, the blue in his eyeballs so deep that it scared Eternus when their eyes clashed.

Also, in the middle of Ryker's forehead, there's a small freezing ice mark that's glittering too.

"Oh no you're loosing it! Ryker! Ryker calm down! Ryker!!" Eternus shouted, but Ryker only jammed his head again, harder.

"Give me an answer, why didn't you tell me!"

"Cos I didn't know!!" Eternus yelled. "I'm a seer but you both are legendary gods. I've been unable to see the future of you and Shayla. It has always been darkness whenever I tried, and that's why six months ago when you bought her as a slave and started feeling her warmth you came here to ask if she was your partner but I lied that she wasn't cos I didn't want the dark future to manifest! I thought if you didn't grow attachment, things would change." 

Ryker let go of him, but Eternus grabbed Ryker's robe fast.

"You need to calm down, like calm to the base. This anger would ruin you!" 

"Calm and start thinking of her with the real owner of the mantle? Everytime I think about her with him, I run mad! I've ran mad close to a thousand times since I got the realization! I've suffered the ice freezing tribulation for years till she came six months ago to calm my suffering, and now I have to let her and the mantle go for him? Even if I don't do it, I still die!" Ryker laughed, wanting to grab Eternus again.

The seer quickly shifted.

"They think there's no other way?" Ryker smirked, that mark in the middle of his forehead turning brighter. "Well they're in for a pleasant surprise."

Eternus's eyes widened, realizing what he means by that.

Ryker dashed into the room where the FrostOrb is and shattered the glass prism with his hands.

He took the orb.

"I had to take this out of my body 300 years ago cos it was worsening my stupid cold, but now? I'm going to fuckin die with it."

He returned it into himself through the tummy, then he went for the door

"Ryker, I know what you're thinking, but no. You can't..."

He waved Eternus away from the door and vanished out of the castle.

"Ryker!!!!"

--

[Human Realm, Cold-hearted Harem]

Expansion of the harem is going on, and Caspian himself is supervising with his arms behind himself and a big smile on his face.

"Her favorite color is pink, paint everywhere pink, even my own bedroom!" He instructed.

The workers, who have been wondering the kind of visitor he's expecting, exchanged glances.

But they ordered for the bowls of pink paint anyways.

"Flowers too, she loves them. Get from the florist!" Caspian ordered

Another batch of workers started working on creating a flower garden at the backspace of the large mansion.

Caspian sighed when he felt the presence of the head of his spies behind him, and he turned.

It's Rivera.

She went on a knee, bowing after folding her wings.

"I befriended Sadie, and though she's hard to tolerate, but I've been there. Soren's birthday is actually tomorrow, but everyone believes it's still some days away. Only the family are aware of the real date, and I'm aware cos of my bond with Sadie. I've proved my loyalty to the family many times, too. At 12am tomorrow, the sword appears." She reported.

"Interesting. Return, I'll be in Luminaria before the end of today, and tomorrow, I'll claim what's mine." Caspian replied.

Rivera flapped her wings, flying off to the skies.

"I better start prepping my bag of money to climb the ascension ladder." Caspian laughed, rushing down the hall.

--

[Luminaria, Fire Palace~Shayla's Bedchamber]

Shayla has stayed inside alone, nursing her nausea alone by stuffing her mouth with walnuts.

She's not even tasting it on her buds, she just chewed and spit it out to stop herself from throwing up.

She sat in front of her mirror, staring at her own pale face and eyes. 

What's happening to her?

This can't be because of her mother's death, Liza ain't that important.

Though, it's somehow painful that Kade is now motherless, but what can actually be done? She's gone.

She's still troubled about the real mantle owner tale, and darkness is fastly covering her bright ray of sunshine, but still...she trusts there'd still be a solution.

So why the change in her face?

Also, her laps are growing more, too. Though not noticeably.

Even her breàsts are getting slightly larger, and her nîpples have become so painfully erect.

Cheyenne uses Google a lot, so she picked up her phone and searched for her symptoms on Google.

The first thing she saw—pregnancy.

She spranged up from her chair, her eyes so wide.

"Am I really..." She touched her belly, her heart slamming.

If partner gods don't grow a love thread, they can't impregnate each other, so does this mean their love is greater than the love thread?

She's really carrying his baby?

But why was she still menstruating? Could it be part of the goddess hormonal difference stuff?

Maybe that's why the period was so painful. Maybe.

She covered her mouth as tears of joy spilled out of her eyes.

Finally, there's a way out.

She quickly rubbed a scented powder, covering her pale face with the makeup.

She rushed out of the room to break the news, but surprisingly, she found Ryker by the door. He sat there with a porcelain bottle of liquor.

Though he's drinking, he looks sane and fine, and he immediately stood from the ground to hug her.

"Sorry for killing Liza instead of you, I was just too pissed. Couldn't let her live one more day." He muttered.

"Why would I be angry for that? I only felt bad for—"

"Kade?" He broke the hug to place a finger on her lips. "Don't mention his name here."

"I won't, but tell me everything about what's going on, hmm?" She touched his face affectionately.

"Pink Island?" He smiled.

They both vanished.

Cheyenne and Sage appeared at the fireside pavilion, both sitting face-to-face.

"Things are getting messy," Cheyenne muttered.

"I'm scared, for real." Sage said.

"Wait till for 12am for the sword's appearance." Cheyenne replied.

--

[Pink Island]

Shayla sat on Ryker's laps, a table full of fruits spread in front of them. A blue moon sat on the illuminated sky, obeying Ryker's ice color.

It's deep blue, and it's beautiful, casting a mystical glow on the pink Island and making it prettier.

Shayla's head is on his chest, and he's caressing her thighs and scalp with gentle strokes, his head filled with what he's going to do already.

He already narrated everything about what Pearl told him when he was stuck in the life tree, but he avoided the parts about how he'd die no matter the choice he makes.

"I heard there are several Vales for gods. Forsaken Vale, Resting Vale, Judging Vale, Receiving Vale, then on top of them all is the Nine Heavens." She said, playing with the bracelet on her wrist.

"You heard right," he replied, rubbing his nose in her hair, sniffling the flowery hair oil.

The flowers around them bloomed, and the blue moon rotated in the sky

"Why haven't i gained access to any of the Vales before?" She asked.

"Cos you're too soft, Firefly. You have no desire for powers. Your wish is still to live as a human in the human realm, isn't it?" He replied.

Shayla looked up, nodding.

"But maybe if you teach me how to turn cold-hearted like you, I can learn." She muttered.

"Finally decided?" He smiled.

"Cos I want to be with you, and you want that. Even the fire inside me wants that, so I have no choice." She replied, rubbing his ear.

"Then after getting the sword at 12, after my revenge, we get to practice." He replied, and she nodded, giving him a light kiss.

"Promise me that love thread or not, nine heavens or not, you'll stay with me forever." She said.

"That shouldn't be a question," he replied frankly.

"Obeshchay mne, Ray (Promise me, Ry)" She insisted in Russian, her eyes resembling a doe's.

"Obeshchayu, vashe vysochestvo (I promise, your highness.)" He replied resolutely in Russian.

"After we get the sword, I have something to tell you," she smiled.

"Mmm, first time you prepared a surprise, now I can't wait." He smiled

Their lips sealed again, deep and obsessive. 

They kissed till they bled, but they ate through the blood.

Ryker's dark thought kept dominating his head. It never changed.

The blue moon poured down from the sky, filling the island with rare divine sparkles.

--

[West Palace, 11PM]

It's one hour before 12, and everyone is already prepared to leave for the East Palace.

That's where the battle for the sword is happening at.

But as everyone appeared down the staircase, Winona was nowhere.

It's just Kasia and Astor, Faye and Blaise.

"Now that I think about it, I haven't seen Winona for a lot of hours." Kasia said worriedly.

"Actually, since she left in the morning. After Astor and Faye left, she followed them and that was the last I saw her." Blaise said.

"Darn, where did she go? This ain't the time to be lost." Kasia picked her phone to dial her.

Blaise picked the Channeler Shell to connect with her too.

"I'm guessing what Rumi told you before was that you should go to the East Palace at 12, get the sword and kill the god to get his orb?" Astor suddenly said.

"It was Xena, not Rumi." Blaise rolled eyes.

"It was Rumi, disguised as Xena." Faye said.

"What!" Blaise dropped the shell.

"And how did you even know what she told me when you weren't here during the whispering?" Kasia looked up from her phone.

"Cos... today is the day of reckoning?" Astor replied with a corny smile.

"Meaning?" Kasia asked.

Faye vanished, and one minute later, she reappeared with Winona's body which she threw on the floor.

Kasia and Blaise screamed.

--

[East Palace, 11:50]

Xena has no idea why the wedding had to be tonight or why it has to be some minutes before 12, but that's the least of her problems right now.

Soren had thrashed her earlier today, and she had no idea how this wedding was planned.

All she knows is that when she regained consciousness, she was healed and she said everything she knew about Ryker. She signed the contract and she was tucked into a wedding robe which she's putting on right now as she walked down the staircase with Soren.

Her legs trembled inside her shoes cos suddenly, she could feel his aura. It's terrible, like death.

It's choking her, and she's scared as fûck, but there's no one to tell.

Not even her father who's among the guests below the staircase.

Anatoli is happy, jamming his palms together with the rest of the guests which only includes family.

Mercury, who's giving her a death stare like a hateful stepsister.

She's almost crushing the glass of wine she's holding.

Sadie, who's also giving her another death stare, and that one already crushed the wine glass she's holding.

Rivera, a neutral guest who's just blank, watching everything and waiting for the right time to snatch the sword for her master.

Esme, Granny Tara and Zeke who look the happiest tonight with their wine cups high.

They're aware that lots of enemies are surrounding this palace now, waiting for the sword to appear so  they'd grab, but they have a backup plan for the enemies.

Anatoli can't hide his smile. Tonight, he's taking the sword and nothing is stopping that.

He's going to kill Ryker and Xena and Rumi, waste everyone in this city and then become the greatest richest demon alive. 

The plan is grand and unstoppable.

The closer they got to the end of the staircase, the more Xena trembled, and Soren could feel her fear which only made him happy.

"From lifetime to lifetime, I'll haunt you. In the next life, and the next and next." He whispered in her ear just before they descended the last step.

Xena started crying, but no one even saw her tears cos at exactly 12am, everyone raised their glasses.

"Happy married life!" They chorused.

"And happy 341st birthday, Soren. Enjoy the rest of your life in hell." Zeke muttered, pulling out a knife—same one they sliced Jude with.

One second, the knife was with Zeke, and in the next, he threw it.

Soren didn't see it coming.

The knife met his throat, and his blood splashed on Xena's face.

"No!!!!!!!!!" She cried.

"Ren!!!!!!!!!" Sadie screamed.

Soren was already on his knees. 

His rabbit Sensei ran down the staircase, but before it could land, Soren died completely.

His body crashed below the rails, blood soaked his red wedding robe, but then he transformed totally.

The image was blurry at first cos of how his body and soul shredded right in front of them, but then...

Slowly, it became clear.

He transformed into the GODSLAYING SWORD.

He's the sword.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Don't•Ever•Forgive•Me..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 97•98•99

MAKE SURE YOU COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW OR Y'ALL GET NOTHING.

★

[Vipers Household, Minutes B4 12pm]

The blue moon changed to red, painting the whole city crimson as if a bloody war had just happened.

Dominika stood by the door of the main entrance, watching the change and with prepared eyes.

Tonight is gonna be a night of history, not easily forgotten.

If her plans goes as planned, then she destroys the sword and she'd die with it, together with her fake theories.

Ryker and his partner are going to be together for six more months, and during those six months, maybe they could find solution for the original owner issue.

She believes it could be done.

She has been in the shadows, watching their attachment from afar for six months, and she's aware of Ryker's deep-rooted obsession for his partner. When love runs too deep that you can't imagine the partner with anyone but yourself without running mad, then it's obsession.

Ryker is madly obsessed, and he'd do anything, so part of her prayers tonight is that he shouldn't try anything risky, or it'd ruin things.

Ryker might be the powerful, icy heartless one, but he's got no patience, and he possesses mad anger which could ruin if not well managed, but he has Shayla beside him, so she greatly hopes her presence does something tonight.

She'd try every possible best to make the plan work, cos if it doesn't, then things would go totally haywire.

"Are you sure Anatoli is gonna bring you the sword?" Rumi asked, coming to stand behind her by the door.

Dominika smiled, sending an arm around her daughter's shoulder.

"He will. Zeke is strong and strategic, and of course he has Esme and Tara with him, but Anatoli is ten times stronger than everyone of them, they don't just know. He'll bring me the sword no matter what measure he has to take," she said.

"That's some pretty sure devotion," Rumi smirked. "But Ryker, I'm sure he's aware of what's going to happen, he won't just sit still. What if he tells his partner to burn the city so they'd take the sword?"

"Ryker could go close to the sword when it was still Soren, but when it becomes a sword, they won't be able to go close, it'd deplete their power levels. The sword was made for them, so it sucks their powers even without stabbing them." Dominika explained.

"The heavens are crazy, why even make that shit?" Rumi sighed, looking ahead.

"And then there's Pearl, that psychopath has always irked me, I just hope she wasn't telling lies when she was narrating for you" 

"Not a single lie was told. I verified that by asking a trick question about the sword, and she told the truth that she never used it in her last life and she has no idea about the location." Dominika replied.

"Why are you so overly smart?" Rumi said, and the woman smiled again.

Her phone buzzed on the table inside the archive, and she went for it.

A message sat on the screen from Anatoli.

• Come at exactly 12.

"It's almost 12, I better go now," she told Rumi.

"I'm following you," Rumi replied.

"No. You do not even have your ability with you, it's better you stay back and I'll bring Xena back to you," Dominika assured.

"No," Rumi declined. "I might have no ability now, but I trust you to protect me and i—"

"Rumi, stay back. I'll be right back. I promise." Dominika smiled.

Rumi couldn't talk anymore after that.

Dominika left the household, going through the backdoor.

Now it's just Rumi inside.

For the first two minutes, she sat still, getting herself busy with bubble gum, but it wasn't enough to take her mind away from the upcoming.

She stood and left the house, too.

--

On the Lumi city road, is Granny Jojo's car which she has been driving for some hours now.

The drive to the temple was smooth, but the drive back was terrible.

Their car had problems twice which they had to stop to repair.

At the temple earlier, they found out that the sword is a person.

Not just any person—it's her grandson, Soren.

And he must be killed immediately he clocks 341 cos if they don't, then they have to wait for another birthday, but knowing Zeke's personality and his plan to take over every non-human city beyond Luminaria, he won't let it go past this year—tonight.

Tonight is the twins birthday so she has to be fast, or Soren would pass away before she gets there.

"I still don't understand though, why give birth to kids when you don't even love them." Lilith said.

Jojo had no time to even reply her. She's more focused on the road as she drove through a pothole.

"My human father's surname wasn't even known before he was execute with mother, and I wanted a surname for myself, that's why I insisted on getting married to take Ryker's surname." Lilith continued, looking at the ring on her finger.

"Why are you suddenly telling me?" Jojo replied, still not giving her a glance.

"Cos I feel like coming clean. Yes I'm a cruel bîtch, but I spent exactly a month with you at your Lannister household, and I learnt things. You protected me, fed and clothed me, so I won't let that mercy slide. I'll repay you tonight. I'll protect you." Lilith replied.

Jojo finally looked at her.

"Don't say rubbish," she said.

"But I'm deadass," Lilith shrugged.

Jojo ignored her once again and drove into the East street.

--

[Liza Kings Mansion]

Liza's life lantern went off in her study since some hours ago, so Kade is aware that she's dead.

He expected this outcome after he abandoned her at the Fire Palace gate, but the fact that Shayla actually carried it out is more surprising.

Seems his twin sister is more merciless than he actually thought or expected of her.

But now... Liza is dead, and every secret is dead with her.

The dead can't talk anyways. They only sleep in eternal strife and rest in restlessness till forever.

He smiled as he stared at Liza's portraits on the wall, then he began turning everything to the ground one by one till he got to the door and turned the last one.

He took the last burning candle by the door and threw it on the ground, letting the fire catch the rug.

Within a minute, fire spread throughout the house.

Kade walked out, hands pocketed, and the house blew up behind him.

No more Liza's memories, he's going to move to the second mansion and start afresh.

"No more house?" A husky voice filled the air behind him, and he halted, feeling coldness on his skin suddenly when his eyes met the evil diabolical eyes of Caspian.

He's smiling, but the wise would know the smile means calamity.

He hasn't seen this man before, but his appearance is enough to tell him everything is wrong.

He wore a coat which is getting carried by the air as he walked towards him.

Kade stepped back.

"Who are you?"

"I'm not introducing myself, it's your fault for not knowing my identity before now, and it's your bad luck that even after today, you won't be among the people who'd know my real identity cos you'd be dead." Caspian replied arrogantly, pulling a shotgun out from his coat pocket.

Kade took two more steps back, eyes suddenly horrific.

This ain't the time to get shot. Liza is gone so who'd heal him? The alchemist shop is far from here.

"I heard you treated her bad, and you were so mad at her for sharing a mother with you," Caspian said. 

Kade's brows arched. "Shayla? You're here cos of that bîtch?" 

"Bîtch?" Caspian smiled, giving his gun a stare as if examining the last weapon before destruction.

"Mother did worse to her, and now she's dead, so if you're on the lookout for somehow to rant on, then go find her in hell!" Kade snapped, momentarily forgetting about the gun

"Rant? Do I look like I'm here to rant? Does this weapon smell like rant?" Caspian looked up, cocking the gun.

Kade froze again, but not for long, cos he moved back twice before turning around.

The blaze from the burning house was lightening his steps as he ran away from the devil.

Caspian stood there, watched him till he took the tenth step, then he shot.

He fired three bullets at Kade, all on the head.

Kade crashed into the dust, blood gushing out of his skull.

His eyes was closing slowly as his blood wet the dust, turning it to clay

So...in this lifetime, he died because of Shayla, just like his mother died because of her.

This isn't the end anyways. It can never be the end.

The dues shall be payed, soon.

Caspian dragged his body  back to the burning house, throwing it inside to glow it up.

He stepped back afterwards, grinning.

"Aren't Luminarians so funny? They can live for as long as two, three thousand years without getting old or sick, they get healed whenever they're heavily injured, but just shoot them on the head or chest, or nail their throat, they're gone."

He looked at the house again, sighing before biting his lip.

"Too bad I didn't get to kill Liza with my own hands, but my woman killed her, so it counts." He smiled, swinging the gun in his index finger as he walked away from the house, making his way to the East Palace.

--

[West Palace]

Blaise and Kasia are still crying, shaking Winona's body on the ground as if to wake her which is impossible since her core is gone.

Even without the core, she was attacked on the throat, and her pipe is cut, so it's a lost cause.

Kasia's snot mixed with her tears below her nose, and she could taste it in her mouth as she hugged Winona's inert body to herself.

She's sitting helplessly on the ground, looking pitiful, but there's no pity in the eyes of Faye and Astor as they stood over them.

"I should have noticed, I should have known!! You're the one who led us to the vipers household after Winona found out about the snake woman in the journal! Were we blind? Winona said the snake woman was a cobra but we were actually searching the vipers household for clues! Did you both blindfold us?" Blaise stood.

"We didn't need to blindfold y'all, your midnight curse was enough to veil your eyes. There were so many clues, but none of them was seen by anyone of y'all. Only Winona was smart, but too bad she didn't last. Her core was sweet, by the way." Astor smiled, and Kasia spranged up.

"Our ancestors sinned, they're the ones who killed your wife and household, not us! I haven't even been born back then, but you thought you could take it out on me and my children? I guess you're the one who killed my husband too, just to gain an opening to enter me!" 

"Yes! I killed your husband, Forrest. I killed him just so I could enter you by marrying you!" Astor yelled.

More tears rushed out of Kasia's eyes, and she staggered.

"No....no ... How could you!!!!"

"You killed father two years ago?" Blaise's lips were shivering as he talked.

"That was me.... actually. I killed your father, and I ate his core," Faye spoke up, and Blaise's heart shattered more.

He fell on the floor, right beside Winona's body.

"I knew something was up when I didn't like you both at first! I knew something was wrong when I just couldn't see you as my new father or Faye as my stepsister! I knew something was absolutely wrong!!!" He screamed, punching the ground.

"I am going to kill you, Astor! I'll kill you and your daughter!!!" Kasia removed the long pin in her hair, coming for him.

"It's 12am already—midnight. Think twice, cos right now you're powerless!" Astor replied.

"I do not care!!!" Kasia resumed her race till she arrived at him and drove the pin into his chest.

Blood dropped, but it didn't look like Astor even got stabbed cos he was grinning like a villain.

Suddenly, he shoved his hand into Kasia's tummy, getting a hold of her core from the inside.

The woman shed blood from her eyes, her mouth opened painfully, but she didn't let go of the pin at all.

"Mother!!!!" Blaise yelled, wanting to run over to them.

"Go, Blaise! Go away! Run!!!" Kasia yelled, driving the pin into Astor's chest harder.

Blaise stopped, tears falling from his eyes like a kid. 

Kasia's core is already in Astor's hand, so his efforts would be useless. There's no saving Kasia anymore.

"Go!!!" Kasia screamed again, and that was when he moved.

He ran out of the palace, and Faye followed him immediately.

"Think about this as an help, cos if you had gone to the East Palace, you'd have come back with nothing or end up dying in Zeke or Anatoli's hands. The FrostOrb and FireStone empowering tale? It's all fake!" Astor spat at her face.

"My ancestors sinned, and you thought taking it out on I and my kids is the right thing to do?" Kasia smiled painfully, crying hurtfully.

"Remember, that dues would be paid when it's time. It's not over yet." She muttered.

Astor pulled his hand out of her, bringing out her small core which he ate right in front of her.

Kasia's body crumbled on the ground, dying in top of Winona's.

--

Blaise barely got to the outside gate when Faye caught up with him.

She intentionally followed slowly, allowing him to run out of the gate.

He's running, she's walking, but he's still not out of her grasp. 

Cruel eyes and precise steps, she followed him closely till Blaise finally stopped some feet away from the gate

He faced her, presenting himself on a platter and awaiting his own death.

"Winona is gone, mother is gone. Why am I even running away from you? Kill me, do it." He sniffled, closing his eyes.

Faye stood there, unable to do a thing till Astor appeared behind her.

He raised her hand, whispering in her ear like a persuader...

"His ancestors killed your mother when she was still wet with the blood of your birth, they killed our entire household, mercy for none. Kill him and stop wasting time, daughter. Kill him!" He instructed, pushing her hand forward 

Faye's hand entered Blaise's tummy, and his eyes flew open, wide and pained.

He fell on his eyes in front of her as her hand came out of him, holding his bloody core.

He crumbled like the rest of his family, and Astor laughed out loudly, the sound evil than evil.

Faye wrapped her palm on Blaise's core, a little tear leaving her eyes.

--

[East Palace,12am]

Slowly, it became clear.

He transformed into the GODSLAYING SWORD.

He's the sword.

"It's true! It's very fuckin true!" Zeke laughed through Xena and Sadie's cries as he walked up to where the sword lay.

He squatted, staring at it.

It looks crafted from rare silver and blue gold, carries the sharpest big blade which looks like a saber but it's not. The handle has a dragon statue hanging on it, and on the body, 341 was crafted.

"Beautiful, I've never seen something as beautiful." Zeke grinned again.

"Bastard!!!!" Sadie removed her heels, throwing the two at Zeke's head before biting him on the neck, not letting go till she pulled off his flesh.

No one could get her off till Tara and Esme joined arms to hold her.

"I should have known something was wrong the moment you agreed to his wedding to this slût without batting a lid! It's our birthday but you made it the bitterest day for me, and I'll never forgive you! In the next lifetime, I'll be your worse nightmare!!!" She screamed, throwing her legs forward.

She broke free from the two women and went for Zeke again, but Zeke was prepared this time.

He picked the knife he stabbed Soren with, pointing it forward so Sadie just ran into it.

She got stabbed without stressing.

Sadie's body turned cold as she felt the metal plowing her belly, and the last tear rolled out of her eyes.

Her eyes met with Zeke's, and Zeke smiled at her.

"Listen, I hate kids, but I only married Azura to make kids because I heard I was destined to give birth to the sword. You have no use for me, and you can go join your brothers." 

With brutality, he removed the knife from her belly, and Sadie fell.

Xena cried louder, carrying Sensei in her arms.

She started rushing to her father's side, but that was when Jojo and Lilith entered the house.

Jojo started crying her eyes out immediately she saw the sword on the ground, and Sadie's body.

"We're late, shit." Lilith muttered.

"Zeke, you should have been created as a dog. No, you shouldn't even be a dog, it's an insult to that breed. You should be a sewage rat, what is wrong with your head and your mother's head!!!" Jojo yelled.

"Power drives people crazy, you weren't told?" Zeke chuckled, walking to the sword already.

"Watch me, then..." Jojo smiled, raising her hand.

The night air went hot, and the blood-red moon in the sky changed colour again, turning white.

Thunderstorm started, heavier than anyone that has ever happened in the city. It deafened lots or people, and it left houses crumbling, including the palace. Rainstorm joined the exercise, and it got a lot worse.

"She got the thunder ability back?" Granny Tara muttered.

"Her daughter is dead, of course she'd get it back," Zeke replied. "Esmeralda, get the sword!"

Esme ran to where the sword lay and picked it up, but that instant, Lilith let out a sonorous scream.

The East Palace started crumbling again for the second time.

"Through the tunnel!" Zeke pointed, opening a tunnel on the wall.

He ran inside with Esme and Tara, but Anatoli and Rivera followed them

"Father!" Xena tried to enter too, but Anatoli pushed her back before closing the tunnel door.

Xena curled herself under one of the falling bricks, crying as she held desperately to Sensei.

The rabbit is crying and squirming in her arms too, and a large brick fell on them together.

"Mother!!!!" Mercury cried. She's squatting somewhere around the ruined room.

Inside the water tunnel, Zeke and his women thought they're the only ones present, but when they peered back and saw Anatoli and Rivera, they had to stop in surprise.

"Who exactly are you? Your friend Sadie died and you did nothing?" Anatoli muttered beside Rivera.

"Caspian sent me here in case you need an extra hand to get the sword,". Rivera replied.

"That bastard Caspian must think I'm a weakling, but I don't need his help. You might have to stand down and let me handle my shit." Anatoli replied.

"Anatoli? Rivera? Why do we have you both in here?" Zeke questioned from the front.

"I'm not the stupid Old Chef whom you once knew, think you're the only one in the whole of Luminaria who's in need of the sword?" Anatoli replied, going closer.

"One more enemy to deal with?" Zeke smiled, signalling at Esme and Tara.

"Go with the sword!"

The women started running away, and Rivera followed them.

Anatoli and Zeke charged towards each other, both meeting at a dangerous point to throw hits.

They both tumbled, landing brutally on the muddy waters, but Zeke's landing was more brutal. He broke a arm bone, and he gasped.

He stood anyways, no time to wonder why Anatoli is so strong. 

The two old men went for each other, throwing strikes again. Dark energy collided with dark energy, and they both leapt, jabbing each other in their throats and spitting blood.

Their blood painted the tunnel walls as their bodies came back down, and their punches collided violently.

Zeke's energy was only enough to bend a bone on Anatoli's arm, but Anatoli's?

It crushed Zeke's arm completely, making the bones pierce the flesh to stab the skin.

"Arhhghh!!!!!!" Zeke cried, staggering to the tunnel body and punching a hole through it in the process.

Water rushed in, filling the tunnel more, reaching their calves.

In shock, Zeke looked up, unable to even stand from where he sat.

Anatoli siphoned his powers already.

"Who exactly are you?" He demanded.

"I'm what you can never understand, now bye!" Anatoli smiled, vanishing.

The moment he vanished off, Zeke started trying to stand again, but he couldn't.

It was harder than any task.

He got his channeler Shell out to contact Esme, but the shell broke before he could even talk into it.

Shayla and Ryker appeared in the tunnel, side by side with matching mocking smirks.

"I knew I shouldn't underestimate my errand boy," Ryker commented.

"You have no idea how pitiful you look right now," Shayla added, looking disgustingly at Zeke.

"You both... winning in every situation isn't by luck. You won't win this one." Zeke replied, bringing a vial of holy water out of his pocket.

He threw the opened vial at the two of them, and Ryker quickly covered Shayla, so the water sprinkle only met him.

Some parts of his robe burned into his skin, but that's just it. 

Nothing else.

"You ok?" Shayla asked, checking the skin out quickly.

"I'm fine," she replied before facing Zeke who's still handicapped on the ground.

Zeke groaned, looking at the water level with his shocked eyes.

"I'm guessing Xena told you my weakness is holy water from a church alter in the human realm?" He smirked darkly.

"At this point, i dunno who's more stupid between the two of you. I guess she saw it written close to the pavilion when I was still at the Heartless Tower, but the thing is...holy water only works on me if I am still at the first stage, but I attained stage 2 already. Next time, don't be so heartbreakingly dumb,"

"But there won't be next time," Shayla replied, getting out her fire sword.

Ryker pulled his ice sword, and together, they stabbed the madman in the chest, pulling his heart out to the the tunnel water.

Shayla set his body on fire, and they both vanished off.

--

Rivera was already rolling in a hot fight with Esme and Tara when Anatoli caught up with them in the middle of the tunnel.

The water level rose again, reaching the middle of their forelegs already.

Now it's two against two, nowhere to run to, so they faced it.

Tara and Rivera, Esme and Anatoli.

Rivera slapped the old granny with her wings many times, attempting to make her eyeballs fall out of her sockets, but Tara ain't so soft.

She fought back stubbornly till the last drop of her sweat.

Thanks to the sword Esme is holding, she got empowered, and she fought on par with Anatoli, but despite that, she couldn't match up.

After all, she cultivated her godslaying ability, she wasn't born with it.

She ran away when it got to a point, and Anatoli followed her.

Rivera slapped Tara with her wings again, and the old woman fell, so Rivera flew away, following Anatoli.

Tara didn't get the chance to stand when Shayla and Ryker appeared again, majestically.

Ryker dumped a snake on Tara's body, and the woman gasped, looking up as the shockwaves gripped her.

It's her snake, same one she had sent into his Heartless Tower to plant venom in his body.

"Your son probably inherited his foolishness from you, but it's entertaining." Ryker crouched in front of the old woman who nearly entered the leaking tunnel wall.

"Your snake came to me in my Phoria that cold morning to plant the venom you sent it to plant as your plan B, but too bad, you know what I did? I took it in as a pet, and since then, I've been feeding it with the toxins from my mind's eye. A bite, and you'd die with it." He whispered.

Tara quickly shook the snake away from herself, and the serpent dropped dead on the water surface.

"Oh...seems you got bitten," Shayla muttered from the back.

Tara gasped again, trying to stand, but she dropped back on the tunnel wall, her eyes losing all colour.

The snakebite on her firearm reddened as her life slipped out of her. She went still, and the water covered her head as she fell flat.

Ryker froze her, shattering her figure with the water.

--

Esme wasn't lucky.

She was about to leave the leaking tunnel when Anatoli caught up with her, and she faced him, knowing it's either fight or die.

Her mistake was using the sword to fight him cos the sword only works on the gods, so all her weldings amounted to nothing.

She missed everytime, till Anatoli grabbed her arm, dragging her closer

"You cultivated the ability for how many months? Maybe five? And you think you're good to go? Real cultivators spend thousands of years in the run before becoming professions, so to me, you're just an idiot who should have known her damn place!" He said, slamming his forehead on hers.

He cast an obeisance spell, and Esme let go of the sword willingly.

Esme fell in the water weakly, and she git submerged.

Anatoli bursted out of the tunnel, meeting himself in front of the dismantled main castle where a crowd is waiting at.

Caspian who's now standing with Rivera beside him.

Granny Jojo and Lilith.

Pearl who's holding her stomach and bleeding.

Mercury who's looking for her mother and crying.

And a lot of City people. 

Hundreds of them.

His Master should be here right now—the red cloak, so he started searching with his eyes.

"Anatoli! What are you waiting for? Come here!" Caspian waved, but he never answered.

His search for Master continued till she saw her standing with a foreboding stance in the middle of the crowd, her cloak swirling.

He smiled widely, holding the sword tighter as he ran to her.

People made ways till he arrived, his smile widened more.

"I told you, I was bound to win. Didn't I? We can take the world together with this. Let's go!" He said, pointing the sword forward.

He can't even lift it too much so ce it's too heavy. Only godslayers lift and wield it with ease.

"Should I go beat him up and take the sword?" Rivera asked beside Caspian.

"Shh, don't." Caspian muttered.

Dominika took it from Anatoli slowly, and her second hand went to her head to lower the cloak, revealing her face.

Her former body died 350yrs ago, and her soul has entered another body, so she didn't expect him to recognize her very fast, but her scent.

The sandalwood scent from her cloak gave her away.

She didn't have to rub sandalwood oil. Dominika always had that unique body scent since the start, and it's just her. Just like how she's the only one bearing Dominika in the city.

Anatoli's eyes widened, and he quickly retracted a step. He felt his bones getting fried, and his flesh getting thawed.

"Domini..."

"Mother!" Rumi's voice interrupted as she ran out of the crushed castle with Xena who's bleeding so much between life and death.

When did Rumi even get here???

"What!" Dominika gasped, touching Anatoli's shoulder. She turned him into a sewage rat for now, and she dumped him in her cloak pocket.

And that was when she noticed the sword is gone from her.

Completely.

Someone must have snatched it when she was distracted by Xena and Rumi one minute ago, but there's only one person who would have done that.

When she looked ahead, it's exactly who she expected.

Ryker stood there, imposing and threatening as ever, holding the sword in his hand with murderous eyes and reeking killer intents.

Blood dropped in his brain more times than he could count, and his jaws are ticking faster than a clock.

Cheyenne and Sage emerged from the crowd, both panting when they sensed the heaviness in the air.

Eternus emerged too, his eyes very madly wide.

"I told you, Ryker. You can't do it! Don't do it!!" He shouted, all sweaty.

Even Shayla is confused beside Ryker at this point.

They won, didn't they? They killed all enemies except Anatoli who'd be easy to kill later cos his death his special.

They got the sword, and though the sword aura is sucking their powers right now and weakening them, they can go destroy it in the volcano in her Fire Palace, and she'd finally tell him about her pregnancy.

So why? Why is everything looking like it's far from ending?

Why is it looking like it's just the beginning?

Dominika's eyes widened beyond her kids where she stood, and her feet started running towards Ryker cos she read his mind already, and she knows what he's thinking.

"No. My baby! Don't!!!"

"Motherfucin Ryker!!!" Caspian started running forward too, but their run came to an abrupt end when Ryker did his worse 

He suddenly hugged Shayla, and Shayla gasped at the suddenness, but then the absolute worse happened.

Lifting the sword with his remaining fluctuating energy, Ryker stabbed Shayla from behind.

Since they're hugging, the sword pierced her, came out of her stomach to enter his own stomach, coming out at his back.

Their blood mixed, pains at the same level, and their agonizing screams left their lips at the same time as blood poured out of their mouths, staining their faces.

"No!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Dominika and Caspian co-yelled.

"Your lordship!!!!" Sage howled.

"Your ladyship!!!!!" Cheyenne rang.

Eternus staggered.

"Oh no..." Jojo started crying.

Lilith, too. She covered her mouth.

Pearl was speechless.

Rumi is still kneeling beside Xena's bedding body, and her teary eyes are wide.

"Brother..." She muttered.

"Ryker!!!!!!"

Mercury who's still searching for her mother stopped in shock, too.

Faye and Astor entered the crowd with a run, and their eyes nearly flew off their sockets.

Shayla was shocked, but at the same time, the feeling of betrayal bit her deeply in her mind, heart and soul as her life slipped, together with Ryker's who's stabbed with her.

They're still conjoined, still dying.

"I'm... sorry for being a villain at the end, but if I can't have you, then no other man will, especially not Caspian." Ryker whispered, crying.

"Did you doubt my love for you so much that you couldn't even... couldn't even...tell me...that...you were gonna do this?" Shayla smiled sadly, her tears mixing with her blood and snot.

Ryker said nothing.

At that same moment of death, memories of their first life came flooding into Shayla's head, and she smiled dryly, shutting her eyes as the bitterness settled deeper, the betrayal and disappointment.

They showed in her eyes when she opened them again. She has stopped shedding tears now, and it's like the world stilled around them.

Like they're the only ones left in this cold, cruel, wretched world.

"I'll never forgive you for killing our baby. This blood debt, you'll pay it till you cry blood, Ryker." She called his full name, and Ryker's eyes widened.

"What did you just say?"

"I was pregnant before you stabbed me, and that was enough to change everything. That was enough to convince the heavens, but you had to ruin things with your impatience and lack of trust in me." Shayla replied.

"No... No... No it's...." Ryker choked on his own tears.

"Impossible?" Shayla smiled bitterly, bringing an hand to his face.

Their black robes are terribly wet with their blood, and the sword is slowly diminishing their existence.

"I love you, and I don't care if it tastes bitter and sour and bland in your mouth. I love you, remember it, even in your next life. Remember you killed our hope." She muttered, and her eyes closed for the last time.

Breaths stopped, pulse stopped, neck cracked, body failed.

Ryker held her bloody face, hot tears pilfering out of his regretful eyes as he kissed her forehead.

The sword between them shone, and the shine swallowed the two of them, sucking them into oblivion.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Don't•Ever•Forgive•Me..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 100•101•102

MAKE SURE YOU COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW OR Y'ALL GET NOTHING.

REPLY ALL COMMENTS, DROP YOURS AND LIKE AND SHARE.

★

A bright blinding light erupted from their disappearance, and a lot of people had to cover their eyes to kill the effects of the light, but Pearl saw it as an opportunity.

She had promised to die with him anyways, so it's just perfect.

She jumped into the light, disappearing too.

Sage and Cheyenne jumped into the light next, both determined to go extinct with their lord.

Mercury jumped in too, completely forgetting about her mother.

Lilith pulled Granny Jojo, but the old woman resisted.

"You're almost two thousand years old, Granny. Even as an Eternal, your life is short already. We can't miss this opportunity, I want to be reborn too and I can't leave you here!" Lilith scolded, pulling her inside just before the light went off.

"That motherfucker, that fuckin skunk!! Fûck!!!" Caspian yelled, crashing out beside Rivera.

Faye and Astor faced each other, looking neutral.

Rumi is still kneeling where she is, and she's still holding Xena's body.

Xena might be soaked in blood, but her eyes are slightly open, and she's crying too.

Dominika walked up to them, kneeling in front of her daughters.

"M...Ma?" Xena spoke through the blood in her mouth.

Dominika nodded with a smile despite the tears in her eyes.

"I'm sorry I came late,"

Xena closed her eyes completely, more tears sliding out.

Dominika placed her palms above her body, healing her wounds.

Eternus marched to them, squatting with the three.

"I told him. I warned him, but he was too stubborn. But on the other hand, I think it was meant to end like this. I mean...this lifetime was meant to end this way." He said.

"What do you mean?" Rumi asked.

"The next lifetime might be in ten or thousand years, but it'd happen, just not here cos Luminaria is in chaos already. It's desolate, and people are leaving the city, travelling to the human realm." Eternus said.

"Next lifetime? ten thousand years?" Dominika started crying again.

"Mightn't be up to that, just guesses." Eternus smiled bitterly, joining Dominika to heal Xena's wounds.

By now, Caspian and Rivera are gone.

Faye and Astor are gone, too.

The rest of the crowd are starting to depart from the ruins.

Luminaria is presently decaying and crumbling. Every building. Every form. Everything.

It's like the existence of the gods is the foundation of the city, so everything fell down.

"We have to leave," Dominika said.

Rumi helped Xena up, and thankfully, she can walk now.

Teleporting, they went to the Crossover Command Building where they met lots of people who're struggling to get down.

It's crowded, like the airport of a plaqued city in the human world.

Everyone's trying to escape.

They waited patiently for their turn, and in fifteen more minutes, they're part of the  last set of people to get on the ascension ladder.

As the door closed behind them, Luminaria got destroyed completely as if it was never there.

**

**

    [A Thousand Yrs Later, Russia]

[Morozov Residence]

It's not a very big house, not even a mansion but a small flat.

It's at least comfortable for Dominika and her daughters.

Since joining the human realm, they've all been working hard to put food on their table. Everyone including Dominika herself.

Rumi works at a mental hospital for relapsing drug addicts. She's quite good at taking care of them.

Xena is a ballerina, an important part of a ballet group called "Foxx"

Dominika herself is a florist. She has a pretty big flower shop, selling flowers and blue roses.

Though, aging took it's toll on the woman, and she's starting to grow strands of grey hair, but she's still strikingly beautiful.

Human world has become inhabited by Luminarians, and they seem to be multiplying everyday especially the spell casters like Rumi.

They use their spells in banks mostly to rob, and the robbery cases never ends. It's an everyday occurrence.

It's a really cold morning in the house, and Dominika was wearing clips in her hair as she emerged from her room, ready to go to work.

"You didn't wear mittens!" Rumi scolded from the living room where she stood with her arms akimbo.

"Darn! I forgot!" Dominika gasped.

"And later today, you'll start complaining about how you caught the flu! It's November and outside is practically freezing! You have sensitive hands!" Rumi continued scolding.

"I'll go wear them, stop nagging...urg!" Dominika waved a dismissive hand, going back into her room to wear her mittens.

By the time she came back, Rumi was already holding a bowl of cereal.

"You and your love for cereal. Anyways, see you when I get back!" Dominika kissed her cheek.

"I'll be back late. I have too many special patients so don't wait for me at dinner" Rumi replied.

Dominika went to the dinning where Xena has been sitting, busy on her laptop screen.

She kissed her cheek too.

"Alright, bye mum. Mhua!" Xena kissed back without looking at her.

Dominika got her car keys and left the house.

"The hell are you looking at on your laptop screen! You've been staring since like 5am!" Rumi went behind her to peek at her laptop screen.

"Katherine Pierce?" She read the name on the screen. "You're still obsessed with this lady?"

"Who wouldn't?" Xena looked up. "She's the most popular, the baddest ballerina in this city. She has been dancing ballet, going on exclusive concerts since she was ten, and yet, no one has seen her face! She performs with a mask on, always!"

Xena stood at this point, and Rumi shifted back.

"Now, she turned 26 today, and she's finally having an exclusive concert tonight where she'd be dancing without a mask on. My role model will be dancing without a mask on and you're telling me I didn't get a ticket to the concert? Meaning I won't be seeing my baby's face? Gawd!! Just kill me!" Xena sat sprawled on the ground dramatically.

"And you know the worse part? No one is allowed to snap pictures at the concert so only the people who'll go will get the chance to see her! Her team said she's so fuckin beautiful I can't miss it! I'm gonna cry!!"

"What's this unhealthy obsession with Katherine Pierce? The only good thing about her is her insane ballet dance talent, but even her team are saying she's rude and very wicked, and she hates kids." 

"I won't tolerate you talking absolute shit about my idol like that! So what if she's rude or hates kids? We Katherine addicts don't care!" Xena attacked, and Rumi shook her head, already looking tired of her twin.

Xena said nothing anymore, she just continued sitting there, sulking.

"Anyways, I'm gonna borrow your short burgundy wig, I hate the longness of my hair and I'm planning to trim it when I get back from work today, but for now, I need that short wig!" Rumi said, rushing inside.

Xena got up too, but she didn't go inside.

She picked up a rat food nylon from the center table, and she went out of that angle, opening the second door beside the study.

Inside the door, there are two more doors which she walked through before jumping down a window which led to a backyard.

There, there's a smaller room where a rough iron sheet cage is.

She opened the cage and was about to pour the rat food inside, but she had a change of mind.

She poured the food into a plate and lowered her pants, peeing on the food. She mixed it with her pee very well before dropping the plate inside the cage.

The rate ate like it has been starving for months which is true. It hasn't been fed for two months now.

Anatoli.

Xena was smiling as she watched him eat the pee-soaked food, and when he finished eating, she injected him on the belly and went ahead to place him on a gummy surface so he couldn't move when the pains from the injection shot up his head.

The stomach swelled till he started vomiting the food, but as he vomited, he ate again, not wanting to lose any of it cos only gawd knows when next he's gonna be eating again.

Xena grinned, satisfactorily.

"You've suffered in our hands for how many years now? A Thousand? But it's nothing compared to what Ryker would do to you if he luckily reincarnates." She muttered.

"Do you think there's really a chance for him and Shayla to reincarnate?" Rumi entered the room too, wearing the burgundy wig already. "It's been a thousand years, and I've not seen a single dead person from Luminaria get reborn."

The rat was squirming and crying in the cage, so Rumi slapped it, and the poor thing went flying to the cage body. The iron sheet cut it's limbs, and he cried harder, bleeding to the smelly stinking sawdust inside.

"Let's leave this room, or I might just kill this mad man." Rumi sighed, walking out of the room.

She's dressed corporately for work already, so her heels are clinking the marbles sassily.

"I don't believe they're gone just like that. Mom is still alive, that's enough reason to tell you that Ryker will be back. I don't want his forgiveness, I don't deserve it, but I just want to see him torture Anatoli." Xena replied, following her out of the room.

There was quite as the two girls walked back to the living room, but Rumi is aware of what's on Xena's mind, so she talked...

"I know what you're thinking, don't say it out."

"Katherine Pierce's concert!!" Xena screamed, hanging her arm on Rumi's neck tightly in a neck lock.

"Stop!" Rumi struggled.

"Put your obeisance spell on Katherine's company for me let them just give me one ticket!" Xena cajoled.

"In your dreams! Mom said I can never use my ability for evil, and I'm respecting her!" Rumi pushed her away, but Xena ran to her again.

Rumi ran away.

"You're lucky you got your ability back even when Anatoli is still alive, but me...my ability deals with animals and he's currently an animal so I can't get it back unless he dies totally! If I had my ability, I'd have sent Sensei to steal a ticket for me so now you're my only hope! Steal a ticket for me before tonight!" Xena insisted, running after her.

She's in front of the couch, and Rumi is at the back of it, both breathing heavily like they've been marathoning.

"I'm very late for work, you can't be doing this." Rumi panted.

"Give me what I want then," Xena spread her palms.

"I'm not stealing for you! I only did that in Luminaria and old things have passed away. You're a bad influence!" Rumi scoffed.

"Rumi please!" Xena jumped the couch, but Rumi backed up.

"Xena!!!" A new voice screamed into the house, the twins stopped, facing the door as Faye came in.

Faye is also a member of the ballet group that Xena is in.

Since they left Luminaria, Faye and Astor have been good friends to the twins and Dominika.

Also, Astor works close to Dominika's flower shop, so they're very close like real family friends.

"Finally someone to save me from this crazy bîtch" Rumi fanned herself with her hands.

"Faye, are you telling me we're really not attending the concert?" Xena wailed with a pout.

"Tada!" Faye pointed up two black ticket cards with KATHERINE'S DARK UNIVERSE ONLY, printed on it in gold blood letters.

"The tickets!" Xena snatched them from her quickly, eyes so wide.

"I'm a snake, are you kidding? Duh, I only had to transform last night into my smallest form. I sneaked my way into Katherine's team office, and here!" Faye replied.

"Girl, I love you! I love you! I might love you more than my sis at this rate!" Xena hugged Faye tight.

"You both are like 1,300+ years old, do you know that? Your young youth faces is only deceiving you, so stop being kids and let this house rest with Katherine Pierce stuff," Rumi said, grabbing her bag and car key.

"A former drug addict who's now doctor for relapsing drug addicts, of course you'd be jealous of ballerinas!" Faye said savagely.

"I really hate when you talk," Rumi gave her the middle finger as she stepped out of the house.

"Did she dye her hair burgundy?" Faye asked confusedly.

"No. She's wearing my burgundy wig for now! Babe, we need to go shopping for our concert tonight, seems we're the only ones who're going in our group! I want Katherine to notice me! I'll get an autograph, a picture, and maybe a collaboration!" Xena pulled Faye inside.

Sensei met her at the room door, and she carried the big old rabbit.

"No pictures, we've been warned. Katherine hates pictures so you could be arrested. Beware." Faye replied, rubbing Blaise's core in her pocket.

--

[Morregan Health Hospital]

The hospital hummed with sounds of ward machines and the running feet of doctors who're attending to the present emergencies.

Morregan is the best hospital here in this part of the city, so schedules are always tight for doctors, especially for the most brilliant one... Doctor Blaise, the redhead.

He has over fifty patients who're here for checkup, and they're all seated with anticipation in front of his office 

Kasia is one of the sitting patients suffering from ulcer.

She has been on her phone, pinging to kill time without noticing what's happening around her till the girl sitting beside her whimpered painfully.

"Are you ok?" She asked, dropping her phone to face the girl who's currently clutching at her tummy.

"Yeah, just a little discomfort with my stomach ulcer. It acts up when I take too long to get my checkup." The girl replied with a little smile.

"I'm suffering from ulcer too, and each time the unbearable pain comes, it feels like something important is missing inside me, creating a void. I can't quiet explain." Kasia said freely.

"Exactly! I feel same! Like an emptiness is inside me, a big hole. As if someone stole my organ." The girl replied.

"Same..." Kasia held her hands.

"Just rub a warm towel on your tummy whenever it happens again, it'll reduce the pain. Also, eat lots and lots of cake to fill up your stomach everytime. Never go hungry, that should be a no-brainer." Kasia said.

"Thank you, I'll try the warm towel thingy when I get home, you talk like my mother." The girl smiled.

"Stop it, I'm just 25, a teacher at daycare." Kasia smiled.

"I'm 23, and my name is Winona. I'm a college student, studying to be a police officer." The girl replied, and they shook hands.

"The ulcer cases?" A nurse called them in, and they quickly got up, entering the doctor's office.

Doctor Blaise sat behind his desk, his red hair falling in sprinkles over his clean glasses, and a thin smile hung on his handsome face as he welcomed them warmly.

"It's the two ulcer patients who don't come for checkup till the 30th of every month, always late. It's an habit at this rate," he joked.

Winona and Kasia gasped soundlessly immediately. They exchanged glances, saying he got hotter before taking their seats.

Their examination and checkup was fast. Dr. Blaise was extra kind to them, he even offered them takeaway coffee before they left to get their medications at the pharmacy.

"He's hot, damn. I can't stop saying this everytime I see him," Kasia commented as they rushed down the hall together, their prescriptions safe in their palms.

"You took the word outta my mouth, I admit he's hot, but too bad I'm into girls,"  Winona winked.

"Oh?" laughed.

"Yeah," Winona replied.

"I don't discriminate, you're pretty enough to pull any girl," Kasia said, and Winona chuckled.

They went down the pharmacy, and a minute after, Eternus appeared from the hall corner, smiling with a nod as he watched their back views.

"Finally I saw Luminarians who got reborn, but too bad they have no memories of their first lives. Does that mean if Ryker got reincarnated, he'd have no memory too?" He muttered, shaking his head.

"Nahh...Ryker is too stubborn to lose that memory."

--

[A Jazz Bar, 6PM]

As people filed into the bar to drink, they're also promised with a good jazz play to make their nights sweet.

They drank from their expensive cups, and at the same time they watched the drummer drumming aggressively on stage, sending the jazz tunes banging on the walls, breathing on the ground.

Just drums. No music, but it's enough to drive anyone crazy.

Also, the lady behind the drum is pretty as fûck, so it's understandable.

Her long manicured red nails added to her mean girl aesthetic as she drummed madly, sweating and shaking her head along.

Cheyenne.

A lot don't even come to drink. They come to watch her performance. She's an entertaining drummer, both in her first life and this life.

She got reincarnated into a rich family of tycoons, but she still chose to drum. It's an obsession.

She was reincarnated with memories of her past life, maybe because she was a loyal knight in her last life, but she has every memory.

She missed Ryker, missed Shayla. She has no idea if they even got reincarnated, but she has been searching for them.

She misses Sage, too. Madly so.

No idea where that crybaby is right now. If he's in Russia or beyond.

Only gawd knows.

She dropped her drumming sticks on the ground, scratching her palms with her nails as her guards rushed inside to get her out.

Sweat danced on her skin.

"Young Miss, you can't just sneak out of the castle to drum everytime, your guards bear beatings from your parents everytime and it's bad!" They complained, wanting to pull her up.

"I can walk by myself," she pushed them off, standing.

One of them placed her leopard print fur coat on her shoulder as they led her out of the bar, opening the Lamborghini door for her.

She hopped in, and she was taken away.

Almost immediately, a Porsche came to a screeching halt in front of the bar, and Sage came out of it, madly handsome and more manly.

He got reincarnated with his memories too, into another rich as hell family.

His guards came down from the car with him.

"You shouldn't jump out of the car like that, sir."

"Sorry, I just thought I saw someone, but I guess I was wrong." He replied, looking at Cheyenne's car that's driving off the roundabout.

He sighed, casting a glance at the billboard opposite the jazz bar.

Caspian Yusluv's picture displayed, and he hissed out.

Ryker is the one who's supposed to be on that board, but only gawd knows if Ryker got reincarnated too.

Frost H2O doesn't even exist anymore, and it's so painful.

"Young Master? We're gonna be late for dinner." His guards said, urging him back into the car.

They drove off.

--

[7PM, KATHERINE DARK UNIVERSE ARENA]

'Full' would be an understatement for the arena right now.

It's nearly tearing with the insane crowd, all for Katherine's ballet concert, the baddest ballerina bîtch of all times. (BBBOT)

Despite the fullness of the arena, fans are still filing inside, wearing the most cûnty outfits ever, occupying the staircases and every tiny space available inside.

Some even sat on the rails.

Any space is ok, so far they're gonna be seeing their idol tonight.

A girl sat on one of the sold out seats in the middle, but a guy tapped her immediately, and she looked up.

"Yes?"

"That's my seat," the guy deadpanned.

The girl peeked at her own ticket, then she stood.

On the ticket, Sadie Robertson 777 was written, but she's sitting on 778

The boy showed her his own ticket.

Soren Harland 778.

"Sorry, I missed it up. I was too excited." She smiled.

"No problem," he smiled back, and they exchanged seats, sitting calmly.

"I'm planning on joining the Foxx ballet group soon, I love ballet a lot, and Katherine is my idol. I love her madly." Sadie said.

"I'm already a member of Foxx ballet group, but I haven't been attending practices. Will start tommorow though, and I love Katherine, too. She's my celebrity crush." Soren replied, and Sadie smiled.

It's as if they've known each other for years. There's this camaraderie feeling that refuses to leave.

Faye and Xena got one of the middle seats too, luckily, but they're very far from Sadie and Soren's angle.

They're both dressed to kill, ready to meet their idol.

Xena is flooding her insta with their pictures already, with captions like...

→Finally meeting my idol tonight.

→I haven't seen a single ugly face here tonight, we Katherine's addicts are too pretty and handsome, especially me.

→I can't wait to feed my eyes! I'll bark if Katherine tells me to! I'll crawl!

"Rumi was right, are you in love with Katherine? Are you gay?" Faye said beside her, looking stunned.

"Leave me to my delusions!" Xena replied, and Faye chuckled, then everyone got a text on their phones from Katherine's team group.

• Concert will start at 8, Katherine would come late by one hour, she has a quick issue to take care of.

Comments flooded under that post almost immediately.

Two minutes, 10 thousand plus.

✓ She can even come at 1, we don't care she has all our time!

✓ She can do no wrong!

✓ Katherine please come by 5am and we'll sleep here waiting for you!

✓ This obsession is real! Girl can literally make me kill for her!

✓ Who noticed haters aren't talking? They know how toxic Katherine addicts can be!

✓ They dare not! Katherine is that girl! Queen Of Ballet!

"I'm so happy my idol is so loved," Xena said excitedly.

"Me too, she deserves all the love, and right ... We can wait here for a year if it means we'll see her face!" Faye bursted out.

"Yass!!" Xena added, and they stuck hands crazily, hitting their hips on each other too.

--

[7:15, Rado Cuisine]

Apart from coming to eat and cure hunger, the restaurant is exclusive for business meetings, so it's filled with businessmen in suit every night.

Office men who came for company dinners, cooperate ladies who came for business meals, and formal dinning time or dates.

The atmosphere is tense this night though.

At the back of the most exclusive room, a business is about to crash.

A young man and a lady are standing in front of an old man.

Seems the old man is angry about his job not well done, and he's ranting.

"6.5! I paid 6.5 million rubles for the event planning of my daughter's birthday, only because I heard you're the best event planner around, but what did you do? You ruined it by serving a cake with too much sugar! I told you my daughter hates sugar!!" He yelled, raising his walking cane furiously at the young man's face.

"Calm down, sir," the young man replied calmly. 

He's the event planner.

The old man spranged up angrier than before. He grabbed a cup of wine from the table, pouring it all on the event planner's face.

He grabbed the second one and poured it too, from his hair to his suit and dress shirt.

He was about to pour the third glass when the lady stopped it. She looks like the planner's assistant.

"You don't do that to my boss! Fine, he made a big mistake with the birthday cake but we've been begging and begging! What else do you want!" She shouted protectively.

"You poor penniless thing! I should have known he's a hungry mongrel judging by his faded suit! He only wears one suit around and never changes tie! How could I make the mistake of giving him the job!" The old man continued ranting, raging.

"Do you want repayment?" the planner said calmly again. Even calmer than before.

"Is he insane? Why the hell is he calm after ruining the birthday! You're the worse planner ever! And I'll make sure you never get recommendations again you pauper! Get out of my damn way!" The old man pushed him out of the way with his walking stick.

He left the restaurant angrily.

"That...that old thing," the assistant muttered, facing her boss.

"Are you ok, sir? Gosh, you're wet with the wine. Even your he hair. Why the hell would you even ask if he wanted a repay? Did you forget we payed half of your debt with his payment already?" She said.

The planner took his seat, sighing as he pushed his wet hair away from his face, revealing himself.

Ryker.

He was reincarnated thirty years ago, currently thirty years old.

Same face, same expression, but a poor man.

He has done series of jobs, but he always ended up in debt.

He was once a hotel manager 

Once a concierge.

Once a gas station attendant.

Once a model

Once a fisherman in the suburbs.

But they all ended in ruins.

Now he's an event planner, looks like this isn't his way either.

But he doesn't care. He hasn't even suffered enough for what he did to Shayla and their baby.

To him, he hasn't even started suffering. He wants more. He craves more suffering.

He reincarnated as a human, so it's hard, but he wants it even harder.

He thought killing himself with Shayla would make both of them go extinct for life, but seems he was wrong, and he's not smarter than the heavens after all.

Here he is, living again.

Despite dying by the godslaying sword, he reincarnated again.

Caspian Yusluv is now the richest man alive while he's a poor faded event planner who receives insults and vile words everyday.

Even his face card can't save him. It's like everyone hates him.

And he's sure Shayla is alive somewhere.

He's sure...

"Boss, you have to get changed, we have another customer to meet in this restaurant remember?" His assistant said, dragging him out of his train of thoughts.

He looked up at her.

Lilith.

She reincarnated as his assistant, and though she has no memories of Luminaria, but at least she's good, and she's tall now.

"What were you saying?" He sighed tiredly, undoing the first button of his dress shirt.

"We came here to meet two customers. The first one is gone, but the second one is yet to arrive and you're soaked with wine! If they see you like this, they'd never want to give us the job. Boss, you don't even have gas in your car so we have to get this planning job, and yunno what? It's a darn wedding. We're planning a wedding this time," Lilith opened the catalogue she's holding.

"A wedding?" Ryker frowned.

"Yes, I was telling you last night but you were spacing out as usual. Caspian Yusluv personally contacted our services for his wedding!" Lilith replied excitedly.

That name did it.

"Caspian? I'm planning Caspian's wedding?" Ryker stood immediately.

"Yes! The proposal is twenty million for a start, and he'll soon be here with his fiancee to discuss the terms. Boss, you have to change your soaked shirt and suit!" Lilith said.

"I don't have a second suit, you know it," Ryker replied, and Lilith gasped.

"That's true! Loan sharks took away your suits collection last month gosh! What are we gonna do!" 

Suddenly, every businessman in that room started taking their leave, and that grabbed their attention.

"What's going on?" Lilith muttered.

"This whole restaurant has been rented for all tonight. Caspian Yusluv is eating here with his fiancee, and he wants everybody to vacate." A server told them.

"Geez! He's here!" Lilith faced Ryker.

"You heard when I said this place is rented out, so you both have to leave now!" The server said.

"Calm down, we're here cos of them. I'm Lilith, and this is my boss Ryker, an event planner for Caspian's upcoming wedding." Lilith replied, showing the meeting card with Caspian's signature.

"Then is it true his fiancee is Katherine Pierce? He'll be marrying the BIG Katherine?" The server quickly asked.

"Who knows?" Lilith grinned.

"They're here!" The server rushed off when he heard the entry of heels into the sleek black door.

The other twenty servers lined up respectfully with their heads bowed. They were all blindfolded to keep them from seeing Katherine's face, and all CCTV was shut down.

Ryker stood there, not changing position and not blinking, but there's a sudden feeling inside him.

Dread. Fear of the unknown. Anxiety.

Like something that'd break him is about to happen, and it really happened, a manifestation.

Like a fever dream, madly rich Caspian really entered with his FIANCEE.

Katherine Pierce.

But she's not on mask, so her blank unfeeling emotionless face is out.

Tall on her heels, sèxy short black gown beside Caspian.

Caspian's arm is on her slim waist, and her dark long hair is wavy.

She smells like spice and cinnamon combined.

Ryker staggered.

He fell back on the chair, and saliva dried in his trembling throat as her name fell off his dry peeled lips...

"Sh....

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Don't•Ever•Forgive•Me..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 103•104•105

Let me address something quickly. Y'all don't watch American soap operas or series with over-the-top twists? Cos what's with some comments in the CS of last chapter?

"I'm not reading this NONSENSE anymore, now that my Ryker turned out like this."

Pele o, iyawo Ryker.

Seriously? NONSENSE? I banned a lot last night sha, cos what the hell??

I'm gonna be finishing this book sooner than i planned here. Just few more chapters to go.

Any little twist, a lot will start commenting out of line, and it's so not cool. No one's a baby here, do y'all want flat books that ends at chapter 20 with zero substance? Where's the thrill and twists?

This book isn't even that twisted, and you know the book ain't Naomi's if the twist isn't head-turning, believe me. I live for sweet twists. Those who aren't new here should know this.

Today's Friday, and feel free to treat requirements bad again, it only means I'm gonna be having another sweet break tomorrow and we won't be meeting till Monday. Your choice.

Complete requirements before 7pm.

★

★

"Sh...ay...la?"

His bones froze, more than it does whenever he was frozen back then. His tongue seemed to form a immovable carpet under his mouth.

After he stuttered that name, he couldn't say anything else.

His blood surely froze with his bones, cos he wasn't feeling the circulation anymore. His feet vibrated inside his shoes, and his eyes dwindled.

Caspian's palm rubbed Shayla's hip, up to the waist as they walked side-by-side.

She's not smiling, but it's very obvious she likes it, and she's madly comfortable.

She's beautiful—lethally beautiful with the dark shade of her eyeshadow, and the tiny diamond ring on top of her nose.

Rivera came in behind them, carrying Shayla's purse and at the same time leading a group of bodyguards who're working for them.

They surrounded the restaurant, and Rivera particularly stood behind their designated table.

Caspian pulled out a chair, and Shayla sat on it after blowing him a finger kiss.

The blindfolded servers moved closer, displaying the catalogue they're carrying.

Shayla took one, scanning through the boring paper before chosing beet salad with feta and blue wine.

"A serving for me, and another one for my man. He'd have whatever I have," she clarified, and the servers left to get them ready immediately.

That was when Caspian faced Ryker and Lilith who have been standing rooted like statues the whole time.

A devilishly calm smile rubbed on his face as he stared at Ryker whose eyes are still on Shayla, and it's exactly the look he expected to see on his face.

Shock.

After Ryker killed himself with Shayla a thousand years ago, Caspian had left Luminaria with dead hopes, thinking it was really the end.

The ice mantle didn't return to his body, and that sucked any hope that was left in him.

He spent less time on women and focused more on expanding his company, and it worked for him.

Frost H2O isn't in existence anymore.

Presently, Cold-Hearted is the largest and the most patronized jewelry brand in the whole world.

Then that day came like a dream. It was Halloween two years ago. 

He met Shayla at an ice skating rink where she came to spend time with her family members.

She's from the rich Pierce family in this lifetime, and her parents are strict business people who invested in his company.

What more? 

She's not with memories of her past life at Luminaria, and that made their relationship easy to develop.

His beautiful Katherine isn't a soft fool in this lifetime. 

She's hotheaded, full of herself and wicked. Heavy on that wicked part.

She's the same person who choked a guy till death cos he stared at her too much, so wicked isn't even enough.

And... she's obsessed with him just as much as he is with her.

Her parents are in full support, and they had a meet last week where they picked the wedding date, so they had to start the preparations early.

Since the start of their relationship, he has been hoping for a day to meet Ryker so he'd show him who's the boss after all, and that day finally came today in this Rado Cuisine.

He only booked this company as the wedding planner cos he heard the company rendered the best, he had no idea Ryker owned it.

But now that he's looking at Ryker, poor and wretched and faded, he's so full of joy that he could kill every server in this place right now just to show how happy he really is.

"And why the hell are you staring at my wife-to-be? Ryker Morozov!" He barked when he finally got to Ryker.

Ryker didn't move, and he still didn't blink. His eyes are still on Shayla on, only on her.

"Boss" Lilith nudged him, but it did nothing to alert him.

He's too lost.

In anger, Caspian picked the flower vase on the table.

He brought it down to Ryker's head, crashing it without mercy.

Blood flowed, and Ryker fell on his knees in front of the man-slut.

Drip. Drip.

His blood reached the ground, zigzagging on his face and neck, lining his lips and chin.

"Boss!!!!" Lilith quickly knelt beside him, shocked.

Shayla's food arrived at the same time, and she picked her cutlery, having a taste from the meal.

As she chewed, she looked up, and her eyes met with Caspian's.

"You know him?" She asked pointedly, referring to Ryker on the ground.

"No babe. Why would I know a eyesore like him? He simply just looked at you, and you know how mad I get when another person takes a glance," Caspian replied.

"You're so sweet," Shayla replied with a small cruel smile, taking her eyes to Ryker who's already crying with the blood and everything. He's still on his knees, and when his eyes met with Shayla's, he sniffled.

"Why is he not blindfolded like the rest of the servers? His eyes are somehow unpleasant to look at." Shayla scoffed, spreading her palm.

From the back, Rivera placed a long black blindfold on her palm, and she stood, walking slowly to where Ryker knelt in blood.

She slid behind him and draped the blindfolded on his eyes from behind, tying it so hard and his eyeballs nearly popped to the ground.

"It's better now, those icky eyes are under the folds," she took a deep breath, facing Lilith.

Her expression soured up real quick, like she's bipolar or something.

"You weren't blindfolded too? Why?" She pulled out a gun, ready to fire her down.

Lilith quickly sat on the ground, freezing fearfully.

"We only came here to sign a deal with you cos we got an invitation from your fiance! Please don't shoot me! Your fiance already smashed a flower vase on my boss's head! I don't wanna die! I promise after leaving this place, I'll delete your face from my memories forever! I swear I didn't see you!" 

Shayla slid her finger under the deadly curved trigger, and Lilith peed on herself.

"No no no!!! Please don't shoot me!!! I have a mom to take care of!!!" 

Even the servers who're serving the dishes are shaking.

Ryker is still on his knees, not seeing anything but her voice is echoing in his ears as she spoke like a maniac.

And Caspian? He looks like he's having the time of his existence as he sat like a king on top of the table, grinning with a wine glass to his lips and a cigarette on his other hand. 

This can't get any better.

Seeing Ryker defeated on his knees wasn't on his bingo list for tonight, but it's happening, some cinema standard show.

Shayla pulled the trigger anyways, and as the gunshot tore through the air, the bullet pierced Lilith's arm, making her scream out, bleeding as she grabbed the arm to hold.

Within a minute, she was bleeding all-over her dress, and she's crying.

"Bravissimo!" Caspian shouted, jumping down from his table with yet another grin.

His woman is entertaining him, and it's worth every moment.

Shayla crouched in front of Lilith, her empty eyes clashed with Lilith's scared ones.

"If I give you like three million,...no....let's make it six million. I'll give you six, will you let me shoot you again? On the thigh this time." She whispered.

Lilith shook her head, shifting back on her butt as her tears rushed.

"No... you're a... you're sick! You're very sick!!!!"

Shayla bursted into laughter, facing Caspian who's now beside her.

"I'd have loved to have more fun, but my fans are waiting." She said.

"They'd wait till 4 for you, they're too obsessed so don't rush!" Caspian replied, his grinning paused.

"When I say I'm leaving, don't try to persuade me, Pian. You know I dislike being patronized." She smiled, adjusting his tie.

Caspian smiled. "Of course, we can leave. I hate seeing you frown."

Shayla snapped her fingers at Rivera, and the girl gave her a small pamphlet.

Shayla threw the pamphlet down in front of Ryker's knees.

"The pamphlet contains the list of things you have to get done if you really wanna get this planning contract. Go through it tonight, and if you're sure you can do it..." 

Shayla stopped speaking at this point and smirked, suddenly ripping the blindfold on Ryker's face away so she can talk to him face-to-face.

Ryker held his breaths when she bent to his kneeling level, the scent of her hair wash riddling him.

"Actually, you dare not say you can't do it after the minutes we've wasted here. Go through the pamphlet and get your vendors ready, then come to the harem tomorrow for the cheque. As you can see, the wedding is in a week, so you better not make us wait." She muttered, pushing his head out of the way.

She pressed his palm with her heels, stabbing it as she bypassed him, walking out of the building. A bunch of guards followed her.

"Too bad, Ryker. You're destined for sufferings in this lifetime, and I'd love to see this till the end. Be at my harem by 5pm tomorrow, address is on the pamphlet." Caspian said, bringing out a wad of cash from under his suit pocket.

He threw it at Lilith.

"Go get yourself treated, I don't want controversies surrounding my woman that she shot a nobody in a restaurant." He said, signalling to the rest of the guards.

They left the restaurant, leaving the two to their predicament.

The blindfolded servers removed their blindfolds, and they didn't even talk. They couldn't.

Seeing Lilith's bleeding arm and Ryker's bleeding head only made them more dumbfounded.

Ryker looked at his palm which Shayla's heel stabbed. It's wounded roundly, and it's bleeding.

He smiled a bit, kissing it deeply with his eyes closed.

--

[Katherine's Dark Universe Arena]

It's 10pm already, two hours later than she had promised, but Katherine still hasn't showed up.

Despite that fact, not even one fan has left the hall in anger. Their excitement hasn't reduced by a ounce, and it seemed to be building up more as more as the time whizzed.

"Isn't it weird that I'm not even feeling sleepy?" Faye said.

"If I was at home,gawd knows I'd have slept since 8, but it's Katherine's time, she owns my night" Xena replied, and Faye laughed shortly.

Xena wanted to say something else, but her eyes suddenly met with someone in the crowd of fans.

She felt shivers run through her skin, and when she sighted him for the second time, she gasped.

"What's up?" Faye asked, noticing her restlessness.

"It's... it's Sor—"

"And when the queen of ballet touches down on the sacred stage!!!" The opening chant sounded from the stage as the stage lights came on.

Blue with a mix of pink, a white spotlight and various big screens. Sparks machine and popping smokes.

The stage opened up completely, and everyone ran mad literally.

Xena forgot about the face she saw, and she joined the insane screams with Faye as they responded to the chant with the thousands fans.

"Wildfire burns! Sparks fly!!!"

And she appeared, gracefully on stage as if she owns everyone here which is somehow through.

She owns the crowd.

Her ballet outfit is specially made, black with corals and studded, even the tutu skirt is extra short, but the leggings is long to her feet.

Hair in a gelled bun, make-up like a fairy's with glitters at the corner of her eyes, stones on top.

She stood in the middle of the stage with her mask on, and there was silence for that shirt second, but the moment the music blasted through the speakers and she made the first move, the silence in the hall cracked, letting in more insane screams.

Xena lost her voice in the first one minute, but even with a shaky voice, she still continued screaming.

Shayla dominated the stage like she does. Twisting, splitting, jumping, holding, rolling and whining, all at once, curling with the flames and uncurling in the spotlight.

She's too flexible than any acrobat, and it's scary at some point how she could make those moves.

There's a hanging big ring on the stage which she climbed at a point and stayed in the middle, spreading her legs and arms like a starfish.

From there, she tumbled, landing back on the ground with one feet.

People held their breaths, afraid she might get hurt or get her toes twisted, but immediately she landed, her bun came loose, releasing her full hair.

She lulled her head to the sides, moving the strands with the stage fan beautifully, then she went on pointe, standing there for more than ten.

The screams came again, and some were legit crying, too happy to be witnessing this phenomenal performance.

Shayla really gave it her all, and it showed.

Her last move was turning her back on the stage, unstrapping her mask from her face.

She took three needed breaths before facing the stage again, baring her face to everyone as promised.

There was silence again.

Dead silence as they stared at the beauty for the first time.

Faye and Xena weren't breathing anymore. For real.

Their eyes are too wide, even their mouths, and their chests are clocking faster than a watch.

"Xena? Are you seeing what I'm seeing?" Faye muttered, but Xena already fainted flat.

"Xena!" Faye went down to catch her.

The screens resumed when the fans found their voices, and there was no stop to them.

"You're so beautiful!"

"You're fineeee!"

"I'm so jealous!"

"Drop your skincare routine!"

"So fuckin majestic!"

"So damn gorgeous!"

"The haircare routine too!"

"I love your face!"

"I'm obsessed!"

"I love you Katherine Pierce!!"

Sadie and Soren are quiet, but they're smiling in the midst of the chaos.

"I knew I wasn't wrong when I chose her as my celebrity crush," Soren muttered.

"She's indeed pretty, I'm no better than a man at this rate." Sadie replied.

Shayla took a stage microphone, cleared her throat and smiled faintly.

"It's my 26th birthday, and I hope y'all like this gift." She held her face like an egg.

"Yes!!!"

"I've been doing this since I was ten years old, and lots of y'all have been watching me, being a fan since then. Thank you, and watch out for more intrigues. Love y'all." She said briefly.

As she dropped the microphone and she was escorted out by her guards, a lot of fans had to rush out of the hall, struggling to get to the valet park where her car is waiting.

She was escorted to the car by her team, and Sadie was lucky to catch up stubbornly.

"An autograph, pleasee!!"

"Katherine isn't signing autographs tonight, she's too tired." Her manager said, pushing Sadie out of the way.

"Katherine!!!" Sadie yelled, and Shayla looked back just when she was about to enter her car.

"Your perfume is fit for embalming dead bodies only, I can't even breath well. Wear nicer perfume next time, maybe I can be kind to give you the autograph you're starving for." She said and finally entered the car.

She left with her team, and Sadie smelled herself, scoffing.

"My perfume is nice,"

"I've heard it from more than five people that she's rude, and she has a sharp tongue, but I don't care." Soren said, coming behind her.

"Not like I care too," Sadie shrugged. "I'm visiting an hospital to see someone."

"Guess we'll meet at Foxx dance gallery on Monday?" Soren replied.

"Deal" Sadie shrugged.

--

[11PM]

Ryker made sure to get Lilith's shot arm and his own head treated before they both returned home, but he refused to get his palm treated.

Shayla's heel stabbed it, so he's gonna keep the wound till whenever.

Lilith insisted on following him home, and though he refused, she refused too.

She was ranting as she came in behind him.

It's a one room apartment, but clean.

"We can't take the job, not after what they did to us tonight. I've been hearing about Katherine's ill-attitude, didn't expect it to be true." Lilith said.

"You should be resting in an hospital bed. You got shot, don't joke with the wound, else you'd drop dead." Ryker replied, but she got in front of him.

"I don't care about my wound right now, all I'm saying is we can't take that job, let's just report them to the cops" she said.

"Who do you think the cops would believe? Katherine with millions of obsessed fans, Caspian with many insane connections, or you with nothing." Ryker replied simply, touching his bandaged head with an hand. He groaned.

"Darn it!" Lilith stumped, and a knock sounded at the door.

"That must be my mum," she said.

"Your mum?" Ryker faced her.

"Yeah, texted her on my way here to bring us dinner. I know you have nothing in your kitchen." Lilith replied, going to the door.

She opened the door, and Jojo entered, holding a food package.

"Hello here!"

"Jojo is your mom in this lifetime?" Ryker frowned.

"You know my mum? And what do you mean by this lifetime?" Lilith blinked.

Jojo blinked too.

She looks so much younger. Not even a strand of white hair.

Before Ryker could talk further, someone else entered.

A lady, holding a food package too.

"So...um, I'm new in this street, I'm your new nextdoor neighbor. I moved in late so don't judge me for coming to say hi this late." She said cheerfully, giving them glances one by one, gasping.

Her smile faded when she saw the people inside, the food package fell from her.

"Ryker? Like my own Ryker motherfuckin Morozov? You reincarnated?" She gasped, eyes wide.

It's Pearl.

--

[Dawn Hospital]

Just like Rumi predicted, she's so occupied with work that she didn't even get the time to have her afternoon bath, so her body itches as she came out of her last shift for the night.

She exhaled, taking off her coat before letting out a exhausted yawn.

Her phone buzzed, and she took it out of her jean pants pocket, walking the bright hall as she checked out the message from Mom.

Mom: Why aren't you home yet, things are happening at home!

"Ou, seems like some premium gist is in vogue tonight. I need to get home ASAP!" She muttered, walking past a ward as she talked to herself.

She stopped, reversing and going back to the door of the ward she passed by.

Something is happening inside.

A patient is inside, struggling for his life with chronic diabetes.

It's so bad that he can't even urinate through his penis anymore. He does it through passed pipes from his tummy to a pee bag hung above his bed, and the ward smells.

A girl is in the ward who looks like his daughter, and the girl is spraying pepper spray in his eyes, making him crying helplessly, begging.

"Please.... please... please.... please..."

"What do you think you're doing!" Rumi barged into the hall.

The girl still didn't stop spraying the man with the pepper, so Rumi snatched the bottle from her, and that was when she saw the man's face.

Zeke!

"Mind your own business!" The girl spranged up quickly.

It's Sadie.

Rumi's eyes widened, and she quickly covered her mouth to avoid screaming.

"If you have any idea what this bastard did to me, you'd know pepper spray is me being merciful! This idiot killed mother by pushing her down the staircase just because he wanted her wealth! I'm the only child so try to understand where I'm coming from! Luckily for me, he came down with this sickness, it's my opportunity to torment him!" Sadie shouted.

"You got reborn? You really got reborn? Oh my gawd! Meaning Ryker is reborn too!" Rumi gasped.

"What are you saying?" Sadie rolled eyes impatiently.

"You got reborn as Zeke's child again? And Zeke is already on his sickbed? I've never heard a more goodnews all my life!" Rumi returned the spray.

"Take it, I can order more pepper spray if you want more potent brands. In fact, lower his pants and spray his manhood!" Rumi encouraged.

In confusion, Sadie sighed.

"Thanks"

--

[Morozov Residence]

Xena got revived with water when she was brought home by Faye.

Dominika stood in front of her with Faye, and Astor stood behind her.

"What exactly happened? Why would she even pass out in a concert?" Astor asked, placing a towel on Xena's head.

"Katherine Pierce is Shayla." Faye said slowly, looking so out of it too.

"Which Shayla?" Dominika asked.

"Same Shayla from Luminaria!" Xena stood, crying.

"Mom, my idol is the girl I sinned against so much. She's the one!" 

She started crying again.

"I swear, she's Shayla." Faye muttered, sitting speechlessly.

"Ryker's partner?" Astor said shockingly too.

"Oh my gawd, meaning Ryker is alive somewhere too!" Dominika gasped.

"Big news! Big news!!" Rumi ran into the house crazily.

"I saw Sadie and Zeke, they reincarnated!!!"

"Shayla is Katherine Pierce," Xena sniffled.

"What!!!" Rumi screamed.

--

[Harland Mansion]

Soren was yawning as she came downstairs for a cup of water at 12.

He entered the kitchen and had his full of warm water since the weather is very cold.

He was returning upstairs when he saw Sage sitting in the living room, staring into space.

"Hey, bro!" He hollered.

"Hey," Sage looked up.

"What are you up to?" Soren walked up to him.

"A jazz bar, what happens in a jazz bar exactly?" Sage stood.

"I dunno, but there's a jazz bar close to the roundabout, and I heard it's really good. People go there to drink exclusively, and also a female drummer drums there maybe one night a week." Soren said.

Sage's eyes widened.

"A female drummer?"

"Yeah, so I heard." Soren nodded.

Sage rushed out of the house, not minding that he's in his thin pyjamas.

"Bro! You can't have the guards start chasing you around again, it's 12am for crying out fuckin loud!" Soren shouted after him.

The guards shared a car, driving after Sage as he drove himself out of the mansion, riding to the jazz bar.

It must be Cheyenne. It has to be her.

He got to the jazz bar, but it's already closed as expected.

He stayed in front of it, determined to wait till tomorrow or even a week.

Cheyenne will meet him here.

--

[Next Day, Ryker's Place]

At exactly 5pm, Ryker was ready to go to Cold-hearted harem with Lilith.

Getting to know Granny Jojo as Lilith's mother in this lifetime wasn't as shocking as getting to know that Pearl is his new neighbor, but he gives zero fucks about the two right now. He needs to get to Cold-hearted harem as fast as possible.

Catching another glimpse of Shayla is as important as breathing. He didn't sleep till daybreak.

"I wish there was another way out, I really really don't wanna go to that harem. They shot me yesterday and crashed vase on your head, who knows what they're gonna do again today? Do you know how hard it was for me to pretend that I was fine in front of my mum while hiding a gunshot wound under my blouse?" Lilith complained.

"I can go alone, I've told you," Ryker replied, opening the car door.

"I borrowed you the money to buy gas in the car, of course I'll follow you. I can't leave my boss alone in the hands of those beasts." Lilith replied.

"I'll pay you back in tenfolds for everything when it's due time." Ryker said, and Lilith scoffed.

"Dunno what that means, but I look forward,"

"It means... he's only just pretending right now. You see, I and your boss lived in two different lifetimes before. I was his wife in the first time, and I was his enemy in the second life. This third life, I'm his neighbor, so I know him better than anyone else." Pearl replied from the front of the nextdoor.

Ryker gave her a thorning glare, and Lilith did the same.

"I don't like her," she muttered, getting in the car with Ryker.

They drove off, and Pearl smiled, taking more fresh air on the door she's standing at.

"Pretence suits you, Ryker Morozov. No matter the lifetime, you really can't escape me."

--

[Cold-hearted Harem]

The harem isn't what it used to be.

No girls hanging around begging to be spit on, no prostitutes nakedly throwing arses back, no slûts.

Just the guards, and home workers, just the way Shayla wants it.

Shayla is in the kitchen, silently making eggs with red caviar and fruits salad as an appetizer.

She has always loved fruits salad, and she loves cooking more.

She hates getting distracted in the kitchen, so even Caspian leaves her alone whenever she enters cos she's like a ticking time bomb.

She was slicing the watermelon when her knife met something inside, obstructing the cut.

Angrily, she smashed the watermelon on the ground, and the fruit scattered around.

Inside the watermelon, there's a bracelet which she hated immediately she saw it.

She sighed, trying to balance her anger, but it didn't work.

"Anyone there!?" She shouted.

Caspian came in with Rivera behind him.

"Do you need anything, my lady?" Rivera asked.

"My woman, you look like you're in a bad mood." Caspian said.

"Who bought this watermelon?" Actually, who bought the latest fruits supply?" Shayla asked.

"Who!!" Caspian yelled, and a guard ran inside.

"It was me" he reported.

"And what's a bracelet doing inside a watermelon?" Shayla raised the bracelet, and the guard gasped.

"I swear I have no idea it's....

Shayla took just two steps, long as fast till she was in front of the guard 

She shoved the knife into his mouth, stabbing his throat from the inside and killing him on the spot.

Rivera cleared the body, and Caspian remained standing where he is, wondering when Shayla's alpha female regime is gonna end.

He has no ice mantle in his body, and judging by Ryker's helplessness earlier, there's no ice mantle in his body too.

Ryker is too arrogant to stay that calm if he actually has the mantle. That motherfucker would have conjured ice, so it's not with Ryker.

Then... where did the mantle disappear to?

He needs it to be an alpha over Shayla. Otherwise, she's continue being the alpha which he dislikes.

Even without her fire mantle, she's crazy in the head.

"Pian?" She called from where she stood, taking him out of his thoughts.

"My woman," he smiled, coming closer to slid his arms around her, resting them on her hips.

He's obsessed with em.

"Kiss me," she ordered, and he was already going for her lips when Rivera came back inside.

"The event planner is here," she reported.

"This is 5:30, he came late." Shayla muttered, letting go of Caspian.

They both went out of the kitchen to see Ryker and Lilith getting led to them by a guard.

Ryker's eyes fell on Shayla's bloody hands and face, and no one needs to tell him she killed someone.

But what's more concerning is the anger in her eyes.

When she got to him, her hand flew to his face, landing two slaps without waiting to calm.

Her five fingers were like screenshots on his cheek, bold and red.

"Miss!!!" Lilith quickly covered him.

"We were late by thirty minutes because our car was faulty!"

"Get away!" Caspian pushed Lilith to the other side of the hall before punching Ryker in the face twice on the same spot Shayla slapped him.

Not minding his bandaged head, he punched his head too, and blood soaked the bandage immediately.

Blood trickled out of Ryker's nose too, and his mouth spit blood as he staggered weakly to the wall.

"Boss!!" Lilith tried standing from the second hall, but Rivera placed a leg on her head, pressing it down.

"Boss!!" She screamed when Caspian punched Ryker for the fourth time.

Ryker finally fell on his knees, just like yesterday at the restaurant.

"You have no idea how refreshing it is to see you on your knees. How dare  you anger my woman!" Caspian barked, kicking him.

Ryker fell flat.

Shayla was blank the whole time, like she's watching a boring show.

Caspian spit from his mouth, but before the saliva could land on Ryker on the ground, he pushed himself away from the spot.

He stood and went to Lilith on the other side of the hall, pulling her up with his bloody head and face.

He started running out of the harem with her, fast.

"Follow the fool! Bring him back here!" Caspian ordered.

"He's interesting," Shayla finally smiled, and Caspian hugged her from behind, kissing her neck.

Two minutes later, Rivera came back with the trail of guards.

"Where is he?" Caspian demanded.

"We lost him," Rivera replied.

"What did you just say?" Caspian glared.

--

[Ten Minutes Later]

Ryker arrived back at his house, but not the one room apartment.

It's a different one.

The interior is dark, so it's hard to see what the inside looks like.

He'd take every insult and inhumane beatings from Shayla.

Shayla wants to give him hell to eat? He'd eat it like mad.

She wants to give him anguish as the water? He's drink it like crazy.

She wants to kill him? By all means, he'd lay down his life.

He knows he's guilty, which is why he has been knowingly punishing himself with poverty for thirty years.

But what he's not gonna take is Caspian touching him or making him bleed. That's not happening again.

And Caspian is going to pay for the little he did.

In the dark room, Ryker entered a very wide tub, and the water squirmed around him as he settled inside it, calmly.

His eyes closed, for just one minute,, every light in the room came on.

It's a bathroom, his luxuriously beautiful bathroom in his glass mansion. Untouched.

Poverty? To hell with it.

He was never meant to be poor in any lifetime. No matter what.

His eyes opened, and the frosty blue shone beautifully, together with the iced sword tattoo on his back.

His back muscles spread, dancing under his fresh manly skin. His abs and biceps bulged attractively.

Human? Lol.

In this lifetime, he's the original ice mantle owner.

The Legend.

A insidious smirk painted his full lips, and his head wounds healed.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Don't•Ever•Forgive•Me..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 106•107•108

MAKE SURE YOU COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW OR Y'ALL GET NOTHING ON MONDAY.

REPLY ALL COMMENTS, DROP YOURS AND LIKE AND SHARE.

★

[Same Night, Ryker's Bedroom]

The bedroom is larger than the whole one room apartment combined. Bed to the door feels like a country apart.

Lights are off except the bright spotlight above his bed, and that one did the bright job of shinning him as he lay in bed, clutching at a teddy bear.

He knows exactly how Shayla's breathings work. He knows the rhythm and how many breaths she takes per minute, so he had a technologist program the heartbeats into the bear. 

The teddy breaths like her, and he has been sleeping with it for the past thirty years, always clutching it.

The flat screen in the room is on, but the TV screen is dimmed, measuring the amount of light reaching the bed.

His eyes are drowsy, and he's caressing the teddy's little ears as he watched the TV.

How he claimed her one thousand years ago in front of Frost H2O Headquarters is the video he has been watching repeatedly.

He's on the 250th watch, and it seems he's just starting.

That was the last time he saw her blush. That was the last time he saw her softness. That was the last time he saw her genuine beautiful smile.

In Luminaria, the last facial expression he remembers from her was when he stabbed her— disappointment.

That's what he sees whenever he closes his eyes to sleep.

Her blood. 

The cries of their lost baby. 

Her bloody confession.

He sniffled, hugging the teddy bear tight, the rhythm of the heartbeat slamming on his chest.

He kissed the teddy's head, grabbing the remote to replay the video.

He smiled when he saw how she smiled after he called her his dearest.

But thinking about how he stabbed her makes him think maybe he doesn't deserve her after all. 

Does he really have the right to claim her from Caspian?

Her being beside Caspian is killing him. Her getting touched intimately by him is making him go crazy everytime his mind creeps there.

Her calling Caspian 'My Man' feels like the most bitter thing he has ever heard, but does he have a right to be bitter about it?

She doesn't even seem to be with her memory, and that's another pain.

Even if she's with her memory, she'd probably hate him more.

What's she doing with Caspian now?

Are they both in bed? Cuddling?

Are they...

He shut off the thoughts, and as a thin bead of tear fell from his eye, he wiped it with his thumb.

His phone buzzed beside the pillow, and he licked his lips, picking it up.

It's his Manager Feng Bao from the China branch.

The manager is dead, but his descendants kept taking over the managerial position, and this one is the eleventh descendant.

"Yes?" Ryker got off the bed.

He's still holding Shayla's heartbeats teddy bear to his side.

"We've balanced out the anomalies in the broadsheets. I managed to stretch it to the Russian headquarters too, and we kept everything confidential. We can resume work any moment from now." Feng Bao reported.

"I'd like a change of name, though." Ryker replied, lifting one of the blinds and leaning on the glass.

"That'd be cool. We'll just rebrand, sir. We're so back." Feng grinned.

"Instead of Frost H2O, we'll be FrostFire, and our comeback top jewelry will be RyLa, I mean the sapphire corner rings." Ryker said.

"Grabbed, sir. I'll send you the fonts before daybreak, right on it." Feng Bao replied, and Ryker sighed.

"Get to work,"

He hung up, throwing the phone back in bed before giving his whole attention to the teddy bear.

He kissed it again, and the imagination of Caspian with Shayla made him fold his left palm so much that his nails entered his palm, making blood drop on the white floor 

--

[Cold-Hearted Harem, Shayla's Room]

Sitting in bed wearing her black nightie is Shayla.

Her long hair reached the bedsheet in her sitting position, and her legs are on top of each other.

There are shinny anklets on her ankles, one of Caspian's birthday gifts to her yesterday.

As she sat in bed, her mind went to the bracelet from the watermelon. She picked it up from where she had kept it under her pillow.

It's a crystal-bead bracelet, colour blue and gold.

After killing the guard earlier, she still picked up the bracelet.

She dangled it from a single finger, and her brows arched as she stared.

"Why does it feel like I've seen this cheap shit somewhere before?" She muttered.

"Who the hell makes bracelet blue and gold? Tacky" she made faces, throwing the bracelet away.

"Baby!" Caspian entered the room. excitdly, bubbling with joy.

He jumped in bed with her and pulled her legs.

She giggled as she stayed under him, and he came on top, kissing her neck like he does. He gave her a bite, leaving a deep hickey.

"Stop!" She chuckled, pulling his hair behind. grinning and throwing her legs in a curve.

"Tell me what's going on first" 

"We're launching our newest jewel tomorrow! It's the anklet I gave you." He said.

"The one on my ankles?" She bit her lip, raising her pale leg to place on his shoulder.

"Yes, baby!" He kissed her calves, and she smiled.

"We already sold ten branches with preorders, ten branches already! I'm sure by tomorrow after we release it properly, we'll be sold out within ten minutes." He said.

Shayla pushed him, tossed him and came on top instead, taking control.

"Yunno your success is partly because my parents invested in you, right? You were falling apart cos you were worshipping women, but then you met me, and my parents changed everything with just one investment." She whispered.

"I haven't forgotten, why are you suddenly reminding me?" He replied.

"Because you're mine, and if you try play smart, your life snaps like a weak hairband" she whispered again, lowering her lips in an attempt to kiss him, but he tossed her.

He came on top again, reclaiming control and avoiding the kiss.

"Two years, Pian. We've been together for two years, but you've never kissed me once. It's always boring neck kisses, leg kisses or forehead kisses! Sex? You haven't even tried it before! You don't even know what I look like down there! Earlier in the kitchen when I told you to kiss me you pretended that you really wanted to kiss me, but the moment that tasteless Ryker guy arrived, you took it as your opportunity to shove me away! Caspian, are you just keeping me around for entertainment? Do I look like a pet dog?" She ranted.

Caspian blinked once, then held her shoulders, but she's so strong that he can't even move her.

"Baby, you know I'm equally obsessed with you, so...."

"So kiss me! Fûck me! Do anything! Strip me and do whatever! Just touch me idiot!" She tossed him, coming to the top for the second time.

She held his face, balanced down to kiss, and at the same time pulling his pyjamas pants.

Caspian pushed her off before their lips could touch, and she gasped as he got off the bed.

"I'll be right back, Katherine." 

"As you're going out, have it in mind that the next time you enter my room, I'll kill you! I hate you!!" She threw her pillow after him, panting as he shut the door.

She got down from the ruffled bed and shoved her right hand in her full hair, the second hand untied her nightie rope on her chest.

She looked down at her braless bóobs, seeing how the nîpples are so painfully erect, needing touches.

"Bastard...look at these pretty little babies craving for his touch but he chose to run again? At this point, I need to check is my fiancee has a dîck. Ugh!" She fell in bed heavily.

--

Getting to the hallway outside, Rivera was already waiting for Caspian with a bottle of spirit.

He snatched the bottle and gulped it down, letting it leak all-over his chin and chest, soaking his PJs before he dropped the bottle on the ground.

He punched the wall next, wounding himself on the knuckles.

"I finally got my dream woman, but I can't even touch her cos of fear of the hex that bastard put on her. Why the hell was she born with the hex in this lifetime too? Her primary school teacher died when he tried to touch her inappropriately. During her college days, guys avoided her cos her boyfriends always ended up dead!" He shouted.

"I've been looking for how to lift the hex from her body, but I haven't seen a capable witch." Rivera responded, and he grabbed the girl by her collar, locking her in place.

She chocked, but didn't move or try to escape him.

"It only means you're not searching well! She wants me! She wants me to fûck her brains out but I can't even do that! Do you know who's more scared of this wedding? Me? I plan to make the honeymoon unforgettable for her, but if the hex is still on her till then, it'd be impossible. What are we gonna be doing in our honeymoon? Hosannah?"

He removed Rivera's gun from her pocket, slamming the barrel on her head. The girl bled, staggering away to the ground.

She scrambled to her knees very quick, and her blood dropped quicker, covering her eyes.

"I'll search harder, I promise. If I don't get you a witch to lift the hex before the wedding, you can cut my wings and kill me." She said.

"And I'll be doing that, so you better scram!" He warned.

Rivera lifted herself from her knees, rushing out of the hall.

Caspian punched the wall again, grunting like an animal.

If he has the mantle in him, the hex would mean nothing, but without the mantle, he dare not touch her.

Also, Ryker has no mantle in him too, so that bastard can't lift the hex.

"Darn, can't believe I haven't fucked for two years. Me?" He laughed.

"I'm going to run mad soon," he muttered, sitting calmly.

But then... everything started from Ryker anyways.

It's best if he kills him completely in this lifetime.

He ran away with Lilith earlier, but he knows where he lives.

His one room apartment.

--

[Monday, Wyoming Mansion]

Cheyenne was red-eyed as she emerged from her room, placing a palm on her forehead.

She spends almost every night searching for any lead to Ryker and Sage, so she barely sleeps.

It's a nightly routine.

"Here she comes again with her red eyes. There's no talking you out of your all nighters." Her mom—Mrs. Wyoming said from the dinning where she's eating breakfast with her junior sister Jenna.

"What's for breakfast?" She settled down beside Jenna.

"Salted tuna fish and pasta!" Jenna announced, dropping her drawing book to give Cheyenne a glance.

Cheyenne's eyes caught the drawing book, and she took it immediately.

There's a pencil drawing of a lady in the book, clear and bold.

"Who's this? She looks familiar," Cheyenne asked.

"Mum took me to Katherine's concert on Saturday did you forget? We weren't allowed to snap pictures so I had to keep her face in my memory, and I drew her. She's sooo beautiful, and she has a long wavy hair like me." Jenna smiled.

"This is... Katherine Pierce the ballerina?" Cheyenne swallowed, looking at the drawing book again.

Why is she seeing Shayla?

It's all she could see.

"Yes. That's Katherine. Your sister is good with drawings, yunno? She drew her well." Mrs. Wyoming said across the table.

"Mum,, please set me up with Katherine, I know you can do it! I know you have the ability to enter her agency, just set me up! I need to meet her soon. In fact, today!" Cheyenne said impatiently.

"Why the sudden interest? Last time I checked, you weren't interested in ballet" Mrs. Wyoming blinked.

"Don't ask questions! Muuum... please!" Cheyenne went to her and began massaging her shoulders.

"Can I go with you to meet Katherine?" Jenna asked.

"Mum?" Cheyenne pestered.

"On one condition. Promise me you'll never sneak out to the Jazz Bar to drum again. You're a girl, live like one! Pick modelling or fashioning, not drumming." Mrs. Wyoming said.

"Fineee. No more drumming." Cheyenne agreed without waiting.

"Good, I'll set up the meeting" the mother said.

"Yes!" Cheyenne raised a fist.

--

[Jazz Bar]

Sage has refused to go home.

It has been snowing since Saturday night,, but going home is still not part of his to-do list at all. He stayed in his car, in the cold, waiting for when Cheyenne's gonna show up.

He has made inquiries from the bar owner, and after he described her features especially her mean unsmiling face, they confirmed it was her, but the only thing they know is that she's Cheyenne, nothing more.

She just comes to drum.

With this limited info, he could only wait, and he has been doing just that.

Even his guards waited with him when they couldn't get him to leave.

Thanks to the fact that his parents are on a business trip, he's somehow free.

At 7am, Soren's car crossed his car in the front, and he came out of the car to meet his brother.

"You've been here since Saturday night, and this is Monday, bro. What exactly are you after? Soren queried.

"Is this your way of scolding your elder brother?" Sage replied.

"Do you see me smiling? The weather is too cold. You haven't had good food since Saturday, haven't had your bath too, please go home." Soren said frankly.

"I'm not going back home till I see her. She'll come soon." Sage replied.

"Who are you talking about?" Soren rolled eyes.

"She's the drummer, and —"

"Yunno what, bro? Keep waiting. I'm going to the Foxx, and I won't be late cos of you. I'll take pity on you and send food over. Congratulations on your new vigilante job." Soren interrupted, getting back in his car.

"He's somehow heartless in this lifetime too," Sage smiled after Soren drove off.

--

[Foxx Ballet Group Center]

There's only a little difference between the center and college.

It's as large as one, and there are various departments of ballet, but Dark ballet is the most populated with the most talented members.

That's Xena and Faye's department.

They came out of the locker room after changing to their first outfit, both spaced out till they settled on a metal bench in the long crowded hall.

"I'm still in awe," Faye muttered.

"I haven't been sleeping since Saturday night," Xena muttered.

"How bad were you?" Faye asked.

"I called her a hunt dog, and I did worse to Ryker," Xena covered her eyes with her palms. "I'm such an animal!!"

"You're really an animal," Faye nodded.

"You both went to the exclusive concert on Saturday, why not tell us what it looked like?" A girl suddenly appeared with her groupie.

"Is Katherine really as beautiful as they say?"

"Can you both duet her dance moves?"

"Is her hair really the longest and healthiest in this city?"

The questions kept coming, but none of 'em are ready to chat, obviously.

"I also went, to the concert!" A arrogant voice said from the downside of the hall, and everyone left Faye and Xena.

Sadie walked into the hall, shoulders high and lips tight till she arrived in the middle.

Faye and Xena stood, but they don't look shocked cos Rumi already told them she saw Sadie at the hospital.

Obviously, she has no memory of Luminaria.

"Hey, girlies." She waved a finger, stealing all attention for herself.

"I went to the concert, too." Another golden voice muttered from the second downside.

Soren walked in, coincidentally wearing the same colour as Sadie.

Girls went gaga immediately.

"He's hot!"

"Raww!"

"Never seen him before!

"Never seen the girl before too, and what's this air of arrogance between the two of them!"

"They must be new!"

"You really came," Sadie smiled.

"I never go back on a deal," Soren replied simply, pulling her to his side.

"Soren Harland here" He waved.

"Sadie Robertson" Sadie added.

"We're both new, and we're ready to make friends" Sadie announced.

"Don't crush on be though, I don't date. Also, I and Sadie are besties from now on." Soren added.

Sadie chuckled, and she ballerinas shrouded them immediately, asking questions about the concert which they started answering.

They stole the spotlight totally.

Xena fell back weakly on her bench. She hasn't been breathing since Soren entered this hall.

So she saw right last night during the concert. 

She really saw him at the arena.

"Are you ok? Your crush from your last lifetime just appeared with his evil twin, and they're automatically besties in this life!" Faye asked.

"Don't talk to me for now. Just let me think." Xena said, sweating so much.

She got her small electric fan from her shoulder bag and turned it on to cool down, standing awkwardly.

Coincidentally, that was when Soren and Sadie were also leaving the hall.

Xena bumped into Soren, and her small purse fell from her bag.

"I'm...I'm... sorry.." she quickly shifted back, losing her breaths.

"I hate when girls throw themselves at guys in form of bumping. I don't like you." Soren replied, and Xena felt like entering the ground immediately.

"She doesn't look bad, actually." Sadie said beside him.

"I don't like her," Soren repeated glaringly, picking Xena's fallen purse from the ground.

There's a keychain inside which has Rumi's picture.

Soren stared at it for a while before throwing it at Xena with the purse.

"If the blonde in the keychain is your twin, tell her someone's crushing on her. I like her." He smirked, leaving with Sadie.

Xena was already crying as she ran out of the hallway.

"Xena, wait up!" Faye followed.

--

[Russia Origin Museum]

The museum is pulsing with life from young school kids who came to have a feel of history, and home kids who came with their parents.

Shayla sat somewhere in the middle of the museum, watching them with a ice cream cone to her lips which she's  eating like a model.

She loves sweet things, but at the same time she hates her love for it.

How could a grown woman like her not be able to do without sweets and candies and ice creams.

She threw the ice cream away, but she opened her bag and took a candy, unwrapped it into her mouth.

Yeah, that's how bad the obsession runs, and it's crazy at this point.

She likes coming here to watch kids from afar too, but she hates getting too close to them.

Whenever she gets too close, their presence always seemed to be choking her, and she hates that feel.

Her phone rang in her bag, but she didn't bother to pick.

It's definitely Caspian, but who's gonna pick his call after he left her hanging last night?

She left the harem without telling him or taking any of his guards with her, so he'd worry till he starts crying 

Her second phone rang, and she picked that one. It's her manager.

She has a separate phone for her agency actually.

"Yeah?" She stood.

She used her black shades, taking her bag and walking down the lane on her heels as she talked on phone.

It's about her dinner with her agency tonight. She almost forgot.

"Katherine!" A kid called behind her, and she stopped, amazed.

Why would anyone recognize her???

She kept walking.

"Katherine! I know it's you!"

The kid ran after her, and she quickened her pace, but the kid was in front of her in a whim.

"Get away, I'm not Katherine!" She pushed her crankily.

The kid fell, hurting her knees badly and started crying.

Shayla sighed "Kids will always be annoying,"

She turned back, seeing the kid's bleeding knees.

"Is the ground that rough? Fûck, you shouldn't be persistent like that, kiddo. Now you're hurt." She said.

"I went to your concert with my mum, and I drew your face, so don't try to deny. I know it's you." The kid said, bringing out the drawing.

"Your name is Jenna Wyoming?" Shayla scoffed, seeing her cute little signature on top of the drawing.

"Yes. I have a senior sister Cheyenne, and she wants to badly see you." Jenna smiled.

"Don't care about your sis, but who came to this museum with you?" Shayla asked.

"My mum, she went to the washroom when I saw you," Jenna explained, holding her hands.

"I love you so much, and I want to be a ballerina like you when I grow up." 

"No you can't. I'm a killer, I've killed too many. Just be yourself, don't be me." Shayla quickly glared.

"But you're beautiful, and you have long hair." Jenna said.

"That's all?" Shayla replied, glaring harder.

Jenna swallowed, suddenly realizing how scary she looks with the glare.

Shayla chuckled eventually.

"You're cute, let's get you to the museum clinic, your knees needs treatment." She said.

But before she could get up with Jenna, a blindfold covered her eyes from behind.

"Katherine!" Jenna shouted when she saw hoodlums, but she was blindfolded too.

Shayla sent her punch up, twice and hard and brutal as her adrenaline rushed to her arms.

Those two punches sent two hoodlums to the ground, but it wasn't enough, cos the third hoodlum sent Shayla's head to the metal railings.

Shayla dropped unconscious.

Blackout.

--

[Jazz Bar, 7PM]

Cheyenne terminated her promise of not coming here to drum again.

Her mum couldn't set up a meeting for her with Katherine.

Katherine's agency declined, so she's left helpless.

Tonight, she's going to drink and drum till the jazz tears, that's the goal to ease this hotness in her head.

She stepped into the bar, scrolling through her phone.

Caspian's company released their latest anklet jewelry today, and it sold out within eight minutes in all branches, topping the chart of treasure keepers.

"He should enjoy it while it lasts," she muttered, hissing out.

She was about to pocket the phone when she got a call from her mum, and she swiped green so fast.

"Is it set? Did you later arrange the meeting with Kath—"

"I can't find Jenna! I can't find her anywhere in the museum! I've been looking for her since 6!" Her mum's voice came.

"What!!" Cheyenne's body went cold.

"Stay where you are! Wait for me, and please tell me you already called the cops, I'll be right there!" 

She turned around to get out, but she was slammed against a familiar body.

Her phone fell from her to the neon ground, and her gasp was very loud when she staggered.

An arm went curved around her waist, pulling her back to safety. 

Her heartbeats picked up race.

--

[Ryker's One-room Apartment]

"Last week Saturday, we were both in the harem, getting beaten, but suddenly you stood and took me out with a run. I passed out, and I woke up to meet myself here! How?" Lilith complained, pacing around in front of Ryker who looks focused on what he's doing on his laptop.

Lilith hasn't been able to stop talking about that Saturday, and he's not ready to tell her he actually teleported.

She'd probably faint, judging by how dramatic she is, or she might think he's running insane.

The two options are off.

"Wait...you didn't teleport, did you?" Lilith suddenly asked, and his fingers stopped on top of the laptop keys.

"Are you a superhuman?" Lilith said again, and Ryker looked up.

"Shut up if you've ran out of words," 

"But I'm curious! How did I get home that Saturday? Did you carry me in your arms?" Lilith sat beside him.

"Wait...boss, you don't have a crush on me, right? I have a spec, for your information. You're madly handsome, but you're broke, so stop crushing on me if that's the case. You're not my type." She said.

Ryker pushed her away from that couch, and she fell on the ground.

"Stop using your mouth inappropriately, it's boring," he muttered, returning to his laptop.

But the door bursted open, and Caspian bursted inside.

"Mr. Caspian Yusluv? Oh my gawd!!" Lilith quickly hid behind Ryker.

"It was so easy to find you, Ryker. Your apartment is one of the top 3 smallest cages in this country, so it was a piece of peanut." Caspian smiled, widening his arms.

"You must have heard about my feat today. I became richer with my new jewelry, sold out across all branches. For your information, the first pieces of the anklet are on Katherine's gorgeous ankles. I should be happy now, and tonight should be a night of good fûck for me and my woman, but you had to go ruin it with your stupid hex!" Caspian yelled, picking the laptop from the table.

He threw it at the wall, breaking it and sending keys everywhere.

Lilith held her breaths, and Ryker remained silent, but his eyes are surveying the scattered keys on the ground.

"Today, I'm here to kill you." Caspian drew a gun suddenly like a prize, and Lilith fainted.

"You habitual bastard!!" Pearl yelled, coming inside with a barrel gun too.

Caspian faced the door, shooting at the same time with Pearl.

Their bullets went into their shoulders, and blood splashed.

They groaned agonizingly, their painful whimpers darkening the night as they staggered, feeling the weight of the metal in their bodies and the blood draining.

Ryker still stood there, unmoved.

Today isn't for Caspian. Caspian's day isn't even now at all.

Rivera rushed into the house.

Seeing what's going on, she only gasped for a second before rushing to her master to report.

"My lady left the harem without guards when you weren't around, and we got a report that she got kidnapped with a kid at the origin museum! It think it was done by your ops." She said breathlessly.

"What the fûck! My Katherine??" Caspian's eyes widened, his bleeding shoulder meaning nothing anymore.

"I wasn't around when she left, I was looking for a witch to lift her body hex like you instructed." Rivera said.

"Stop talking, and take me to her location with your wings! Use the tracker I planted in her anklet" Caspian ordered, and Rivera quickly flapped her wings, going down.

Caspian was about to climb her back for the flight when Pearl stood, holding her bleeding shoulder with a shrill laughter.

"Someone is faster than you," she said, looking at Ryker's spot.

Caspian's eyes went there, and truly, Ryker is gone.

Caspian's eyes widened again.

Ryker actually... teleported?

Meaning...he has the mantle?

Dafuq!

He literally jumped on Rivera's back, the the fae girl flapped her wings out of the house.

Lilith is still unconscious on couch when Pearl stood, smirking...

"Seriously, Ryker? You're going to give her your all in this lifetime too? While I'm here?"

--

[Wide Express]

Immediately Shayla woke up without the blindfold, she knew she was in a car. A madly speeding car reeking of smokes and drugs.

But the part that hit harder is that Jenna is also in the car with her.

She's unconscious though.

Seems the smokes induces weakness, cos right now she's at her weakest.

Moving a finger feels like a task, talking feels harder.

She was able to tilt up a bit though, and she had a glance at the driver in front. Leader of the hoodlums.

"You're obviously after me,, so let her go. She's just a kid." She said, almost not hearing her own voice.

"Her mistake was being there with you, so she's bound to perish with you, sister. You have no idea how long I've been planning this day." A husky voice came from the hoodlum.

He glanced at Shayla, grinning and flashing his set of rotten teeth.

It's Kade.

"Last lifetime, Caspian killed me cos of you, and I promised to make you pay the dues. This lifetime, I reincarnated as an orphan and found myself grown in an orphanage with my memories intact. But you, you dared to reincarnate as a rich woman? A popular ballerina? You deserve every bad thing I have in mind!" He barked.

"I dunno what you're talking about..." Shayla groaned, and Jenna stirred.

"Of course you don't, your stupid self didn't reincarnate with your memories, but it's ok... Your life's about to be over." Kade laughed, stepping on the gas when they got to the main highway.

The car sped up again, buildings whipping past them like ants and the breeze so terribly cold.

Jenna woke up.

She started crying when she saw what's going on.

"Are we gonna die? Are we?"

"No. Never" Shayla replied, pushing herself up forcefully without minding her breathing limbs.

She locked Kade's neck from behind, choking him with the leather backrest of the driver's seat.

"Then... let's go to hell together, you motherfucker! How dare you try to kill me with a kid!!" She screamed, squeezing his throat.

Blood stopped rushing in his body, and he nearly went rigid, but his hands didn't leave the steering.

He kept driving on the bridge.

"You fuckin...bitc...

"Katherine! Bridge! The bridge!!" Jenna screamed, and Shayla's head went up, fast.

Kade actually drove to the bridge edge as it's an uncompleted bridge still under construction.

The car crashed into the bridge rails, breaking it completely.

The water below is dark, wide and vast. It's the coldest in this continent, and surviving inside is impossible.

Shayla's eyes widened as her life flashed before her.

"Let's go to hell together like you want!" Kade remarked, letting go of the steering as the car fell.

Shayla let go of his throat, holding Jenna in her arms.

The little girl closed her eyes, and Shayla did the same.

But a minute before the car lands in the dark ocean, the ocean changed form, going from liquid to blue ice.

The car landed on the frozen ice, and the hard impact made the girls lose their consciousness.

Their heads slammed on the windows, and the glasses broke, tearing their facial flesh.

A glass pierced Shayla's chest, her blood soaked Jenna's body.

The car fuel pipe bursted, and the fuel poured out to the car body.

Ryker landed on the ice breathlessly, tearing the car door open.

He got Shayla out first, laying her on the ice very far from the car, then he went back to get Jenna.

Immediately he took the little girl out of the car, the car blew up, burning even on his hard ice.

He set Jenna down and went back to Shayla who's not even breathing anymore.

Seems the glass pierce on her chest reached her heart and grazed it, cos the bleeding is much.

Carefully, he removed the glass and tried healing her, but her body didn't even respond to his healing.

It refused to heal.

She refused to breath, and that scared him so much.

Is it because of her resentment? The resentment she has for him in the last lifetime must still be so strong that her body rejects his healing.

She just lay there, like a corpse.

He pressed two hands down on her bleeding chest, sniffling.

"Please... please, Shayla. Please, can you just let me heal you? Can you breath back to life? Please..." 

He tried again with blood soaked hands, but it's still the same.

"You haven't hated me enough. You need to come back and hate me more. You still have more slaps to give me, and more wicked things to do to me. Please... just..."

He paused, remembering something.

This is the human realm, and she's currently human without her powers, so she should respond to humanly resuscitation ways.

He tilted her up from the ground, and at the same time, Caspian and Rivera landed on the ice.

Caspian jumped down from Rivera's wings, and he started running forward.

"Katherine!" He shouted fearfully, seeing all the blood.

"No. It's always been Shayla, and will always be." Ryker replied, lowered his bent figure to Shayla's tilted body.

He opened her mouth with his tongue, then pressed his mouth down on hers, breathing inside.

"Shayla...."

Caspian watched the tongue going in, and his head exploded.

"Fucker! I'm going to kill you!!!" He growled, furiously snatching a gun from Rivera.

He shot once, twice, thrice. 

The icy ground shook with the deadly quake of the gunshots, and the three bullets entered Ryker's upper body, tearing into his shirt and penetrating into his skin, but he couldn't even feel the darn pain.

He kept his mouth sealed on Shayla's mouth, breathing inside again, whispering...

"Shayla......"

Caspian cocked the gun once more, ready to release bullets again, but he could only go one step close before the unexpected happened.

The fire tattoo on Shayla's back glittered dangerously, and the fire flash carried Caspian, throwing him back in a brutal backflip.

His head pounded the ice.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Don't•Ever•Forgive•Me..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 109•110•111

MY PLAN IS TO UPDATE THROUGHOUT THIS WEEK SO Y'ALL JUST COOPERATE AND LET'S NOT TAKE A BREAK FOR ONCE.

COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW.

REPLY ALL COMMENTS, DROP YOURS, LIKE AND SHARE.

★

[Jazz Bar]

As Cheyenne's eyes met Sage's own, she wasn't aware a tear had dropped from her eyeballs. 

She was only alerted when it fell on her cleavage, and then the loud thudding of her heart as Sage's arm stayed belted on her waist.

He's crying too, but his are tears of ultimate joy.

He looks so worn-out, tired like he lost sleep for days which is true.

"Che," he whispered, the sound of the drinking people around them nearly drowning it as his voice was too emotional.

"Sage" she replied, not believing the amount of emotion stealing her own voice too.

Slowly, Sage let go of the waist, and her hands immediately reached for his face, touching...

"Sage," she repeated, smiling with the tears of joy.

"Che, it's me. Your crybaby co-knight whom you said you didn't love" He replied with a bigger smile.

"You fuckin jerk!" Cheyenne broke into real tears, hugging him like her air, her breaths.

Sage's arms went gilded around her, grip too tight that it's even painful on their skins.

"I had a hunch on Saturday and I've been waiting here since then. I knew it was you..." He sniffled.

"I've been searching senselessly too. I just knew you were somewhere, but I never expected it to be here. I missed you so much." Cheyenne hiccupped.

"I missed you more, growing up with my last life memories was torture," he replied, resting his chin on her shoulder properly.

"Me too, I was—"

Cheyenne stopped talking, gasping and breaking the hug suddenly.

"I nearly forgot! My sister! She went missing and I have to find her!"

"Your sister?" He blinked, and she nodded, pulling him out of the bar.

Her phone rang.

--

[Morregan Health Hospital]

"Make way, fuckin make way!!" Rivera shouted at the top of her voice as she ran with the paramedics into the hallway, pushing Caspian's wheeled stretcher inside.

Caspian's head is wrapped with a white shawl, but even the shawl is soaked with his blood, everywhere's red, and he's deeply unconscious.

After his head pounded the ice earlier at the frozen ocean, he got a terrible crack in his skull, and it has been going from bad to worse.

The patients on their wheelchair in the hall quick moved aside, and the doctors running on shifts gyrated when they saw the face of the person laying on the bloody stretcher.

"Caspian Yusluv?"

"It's him!"

"Geez! How did that happen?"

"Oh my gawd is he gonna survive?"

"Move!!!" Rivera pushed an intern out of the way, and they were directed to the emergency unit.

Arriving there, Doctor Blaise was already waiting.

As Caspian was moved from the stretcher to the bed, Rivera stepped aside and let Blaise do his job.

Blaise got to work on the cracked skull, trying to stop the bleeding first.

Rivera stood by the wall outside, panicking.

"You're a fae, not human. You should be able to heal him!" One of the harem guards said beside her, but she's not even in the mood to reply.

"Wait...do you only have wings to fly? Is that the only ability you posess?" The guard continued egging her.

Rivera gifted the guard a kick, and he fell to his knees forcefully.

"I'm a fae, of course my healing ability is limited. I can't heal such deep crack on his skull. I can only wait for the doctors to perform surgery and do my own part afterwards, so quit ranting on my face and let's just await the best!" Rivera spat.

The guard stood, rolling eyes and stepping back.

Another guard came in with a squad.

"Lady Katherine has been taken back to the harem. She's getting surgery at home since you've ordered us not to bring her to the hospital." He reported.

"We can't bring her to the hospital, the harem is safer now that the bastard got the ice mantle. Who knows when he might plan to kidnap her for himself?" Rivera replied.

"But according to you, the fire mark on her back glittered, doesn't that mean he got her powers back? And if she got her powers back, it'll include her memories, I mean memories of how the bastard killed her. She'd hate him more." The guard said.

"The mark glittered doesn't mean she has her memories back. I and boss made sure her memories and powers are sealed  The glitter was just a glitch cos the bastard kissed her." Rivera replied, sighing.

"How's her surgery going?"

"The doctor said the piece of glass really grazed her heart, resulting to  blood loss, but she'd be fine after replenishment." The guard reported.

"And the idiot Kade?" Rivera asked.

"He's in the crib at the harem, we're waiting for his fate." The guard further provided.

Rivera took a deep breath, and Doctor Blaise came out of the EU.

"We managed to stop the bleeding, but there are too many concussions, and the crack is in his occipital lobe. I and my team are currently preparing for surgery." He reported.

"Good," Rivera sighed.

--

[Ryker's One Room Apartment]

Standing in front of the long covered mirror, Ryker looks hopeless.

He's shirtless, black slacks hung low on his taut waist, and his palms are soaked with Shayla's blood.

His body still has the three bullets from Caspian, and he's groaning as he watched blood trickle out of them.

He unveiled the mirror, looking at his own reflection for a minute before sending his punch into it, shattering it to bits.

Earlier when Shayla's back tattoo glittered and carried Caspian to the ice, he had a little hope.

Very little, that she was back, but the hope crashed as fast as it came cos she never woke up.

Her mark only reacted that way cos Caspian was shooting him.

She hates him, but her mark doesn't. She hates him, but her soul and subconscious is still protecting him instead of taking his healing.

Does he even deserve that?

He had to let Rivera take her cos him doing it would have been greedy.

Also, he let them take Kade cos only Shayla has the right to kill that dog.

He killed Liza in Luminaria, he won't make the mistake of doing the same to Kade.

Shayla deserves to exact her revenge by herself too.

His hand went up to his bulleted body, and he removed the bullets from his flesh one by one, dropping the three on the ground.

The wounds healed immediately, and arms wrapped around him from behind, causing him to look up.

"Don't you pity me?" Pearl's voice came, her fingertips entering his bellybutton space.

Judging by the cracks in her voice, she's definitely crying.

"Don't you? I've loved you for two lifetimes, and this is the third one, but still...you don't see me!" She complained, running her fingers up on his chest, caressing.

"Get off," Ryker said, silently but with enough toxicity.

"No, I refuse to." She tightened her arms around him.

Ryker went down, slipping easily out of her grip, then his hand went up to grip her by the hair, flinging her forward and thudding her body down on the shatter of mirrors.

"Fûck!! How longer will you hurt me? How longer!!!" She cried, bleeding from the arms, legs, back, face, tummy and every visible part of her skin. The mirror shards hooked clustered in her flesh.

"How did you enter?" He muttered, taking one step away.

"Cos this is an unguarded apartment for crying out loud! Anyone can enter! Your fake life apartment! You're not poor! You're only punishing yourself for what? That bîtch? What does she even know about you! Nothing! No one knows you better than me! No one deserves you better! Why not just look at me for once, please..." Pearl stood, looking pitiful in her bloody state.

"In this lifetime, I was born without a mantle at all. I'm a weak human who has to rely on guns and bullets to fight enemies, so I'm begging you, genuinely. Be mine, and I'll be yours for the rest of my life! Aren't I pretty? Aren't I? I'm prettier than her so..."

Pearl was already on the ground again before she could finish.

Ryker waved her off, and her body swept the shards of mirrors once again,  giving her more deep cuts.

Her blood painted the oakwood ground, and one of the shards even pierced her eye corner, nearly blinding her, but it wasn't over.

Ryker removed the metal mirror frame and folded it, bringing it down on her body—the middle of her tummy.

Her ribcage broke in one part, and the bone protruded out of her tummy as she screamed out again, crying in blood and pain, sweat and tears.

"Don't ever compare your pathetic self to her, and a bîtch? Look at yourself in the mirror, you'll find out who's really one. She doesn't have to beg me for attention like you do, but she still has my everything including my life and heart!" Ryker growled, each word meaningful and emotive.

Pearl's tears paused, and she pushed out strangled breaths as the last word echoed in her ears.

Heart? 

His heart?

Is he really in love with... Shayla?

"Get up, and get out. You'd be dead already if you did this in Luminaria, but you're lucky my bloodthirst is in half right now. Get lost!!" He yelled.

Pearl crawled out of the room, her blood forming a trail.

As she crawled, her tears mopped the ground, and her heart.

If she can't have him this lifetime as a powerless human, then living is meaningless.

She doesn't deserve to live.

After she left, Ryker threw on a cotton shirt and left the room too, returning to the living room.

Lilith is still unconscious on the couch, no idea why she has been out for so long.

Then... Jenna is sitting on another couch, looking calm.

She's the only one Ryker took from the frozen ocean.

He had branched at an hospital to have her wounds taken care of before taking her here.

Her wounds are very minor.

Also, she gave him her sister and mother's mobile line, so he has called them to come pick her up.

Ryker squatted in front of her, and she blinked cutely, reminding her of Shayla's cute blinking attempts.

"I'm sure the wound on your knees wasn't caused by the accident," he glanced at her knees.

"I met Katherine at the museum, and I was persistently calling her, so she.... pushed me mistakenly." She replied.

"Katherine?" He looked up.

Jenna nodded.

"On her behalf, I'm sorry." He apologized without hesitation.

"No no... it's not necessary. I still love her, and she's my role model cos she's pretty and has long hair like me." Jenna replied, and Ryker pressed his lips together in the corners.

"But...who are you? Why are you kind to me? You even helped me call my sister and mom" Jenna asked.

Before Ryker could answer that, Lilith was awake.

She jumped up from the couch behind.

"Oh my head!" She held her temples, seeing Jenna with Ryker.

"I passed out for how many minutes, and there's already a kid here? Also, what's with your bloody hands!" 

That was all she could say before the door bursted open.

Cheyenne and Sage rushed inside with Mrs. Wyoming.

"Cheyenne!" Jenna smiled.

"Oh my baby!" Cheyenne knelt completely in front of her, hugging the little girl and checking out her subtly wounded face.

"Gosh, thankfully we have you back now. We were running wild with thoughts,"

Mrs. Wyoming knelt too, taking Jenna from her.

"I already scattered the museum with cops,never knew you've gone as far as this place...I'm so sorry I should have been more careful." The woman said, rubbing Jenna's face.

"It's not your fault, mum, Cheyenne, I'm fine now." Jenna smiled.

All these while, Sage is still not far from the door where he stood.

His eyes are impossibly wide, filled with emotions all-over again as he stared at Ryker.

He's the first person he saw when he entered earlier, and Ryker is looking at him surprisingly too.

"Sage," he muttered.

"Your Lordship," Sage replied.

That single word made Cheyenne shoot up, her eyes popping wide.

Her shoulder bag fell, and she covered her mouth with her palm.

"You made the call, your lordship?" 

Ryker nodded, smiling lightly.

"My lordship!!" Sage bursted, breaking into a small run to him.

He hugged Ryker dearly.

Cheyenne joined the hug, triple hold.

"You dunno how hard I've been searching for you using my parents network! I searched like crazy!" Sage wailed.

"Me too! I waspulling all nighters. I didn't know today would be the day I meet you and sage!" Cheyenne added.

Ryker hugged them back with one arm each, another subtle smile escaping his lips.

"By the look of things, you both got reborn into affluent families, that's the best news I've heard in this lifetime." He said.

Mrs. Wyoming, Jenna and Lilith stayed quiet, wondering what's really happening.

"Am I the only one not understanding?" Lilith muttered.

"You just said my mind, young girl." Mrs. Wyoming sighed.

"Reborn? Think I heard that in church before." Jenna mumbled.

The knights didn't break the hug for so many minutes, and when they finally did, they sighted Lilith, and their protective instincts kicked in.

They both literally flew to her.

Cheyenne grabbed her neck, and Sage gripped her hair, the attack so cleanly and intentionally done.

"What are you doing here in this lifetime again? To cause trouble like you always did?" Cheyenne spat.

"Huh? Banshee?" Sage added.

"Let me....go!!" Lilith screamed, struggling.

"She wasn't reborn with memories, let her go." Ryker said behind.

They both quickly let go of her.

"What was that? I did nothing to deserve neck grabbing and hair pulling!!" She yelled at the two, sneering before going to Ryker.

"Look, boss. I dunno what this madness in your house today is about, and I don't care about how you're going to get cash, but you better send me money for beverages and tonic cos my blood is dry! Ugh!" She snarled at his face and left, slamming the door.

Sage and Cheyenne laughed out loud at the same time.

"She's very funny in this lifetime, how did she end up working with his lordship?" Sage said.

"Beats me, she's now cute." Cheyenne replied, sighing.

Mrs. Wyoming eventually left with Jenna, leaving the knights with their newfound lord.

"Please...tell me this poor house is a play, I can't imagine you with porness." Sage said.

Ryker settled on a couch, his mind wandering around Shayla, so damn worried about her health.

"It's self-punishment for killing her, and our baby." He said.

"Her ladyship was pregnant?" Cheyenne's eyes widened madly again, getting another shock.

Ryker shut his eyes.

"Oh...the resentment of a pregnant goddess is bad." Sage muttered.

"Why am I having this hunch that she's Katherine though? I saw a drawing of Katherine and she's exactly her ladyship." Cheyenne said.

"She is," Ryker opened his eyes, leaning forward.

"She is???" Cheyenne and Sage chorused.

Another shock.

"And she's getting married to Caspian, in three days." Ryker replied, the words bitter in his mouth.

"What!!!" The knights let out another loud chorus.

"I'm going to go stake out at the harem gate," Ryker stood.

"We'll follow you," Cheyenne said.

"No. You both go to the glass mansion, find the new key card in the bedroom drawer, south part." Ryker explained, getting out of the house.

--

[Cold-Hearted Harem]

The wound on Shayla's chest has stopped bleeding, thanks to the doctors professionalism.

But the blood transfusion is failing presently.

Her blood group is weird and isn't even anywhere in the blood banks, so they had to risk using the closest one to her blood colour.

But as the blood entered her body with the pipes, it left her body through her mouth and ears.

They had to discard the blood bags and get the pipes out of her body, then they started looking for alternatives, calling Rivera to inform her of the latest development.

They were still on the call when Shayla regained consciousness.

Pale lips, white eyeballs, overall pale face and fragile body. It's like she lost pounds of flesh within that small period, and her legs are shaking on the ground as she stood.

"Ma'am, it's only advisable to lay down right now. Your condition is too critical." The doctors adviced.

"Jenna, the kid. Where's she?" She asked weakly, holding the drip stand beside her bed for balance.

"She was taken by the other man," the doctors replied.

"And the hoodlum?" She asked, holding her chest.

"Kade? He has been locked in the crib," the doctors replied.

Shayla made her way to the crib, holding the wall for support as she walked the ground with turning eyes, painful chest and empty tummy.

She feels totally hollowed out.

No amount of plea from the doctors and guards could stop her till she arrived at the crib.

The door was opened for her, and she picked a rusty knife from the ground, staggering inside.

A guard quickly held her before she could fall, but she detached and went in fully, meeting Kade on his knees, tied to metal bars on the ground.

He must have been horribly beaten cos his clothes are torn with his flesh, few of his tooth are on the ground, and his eyes are nearly not in the sockets anymore.

Like a living dead.

Using the knife blade, Shayla raised his chin, and he smiled vengefully as their eyes met.

"Do you know...that in our last lifetime, I was your twin? We were both not only birthed by Liza, but our father was also the same! We both have same human father who was killed immediately you were given birth to. But me...I stayed in the womb for extra five years, cos of what? Cos you're the goddess who's not supposed to share a womb with anybody at the same time. Your powerful aura held me back in Liza's womb for five extra years!"

"I used to say I hated you because you shared a mother with me, but truth is I hated you cos you were birthed before me, and because of you I had to spend five extra years! Another truth is that...you gods will always be the cause of the misfortunes of humans. To exist, you'll trample on anyone! You all and the deities in your heavens are all hypocrites!"

"I didn't choose to be a goddess," Shayla's powerful voice dropped, and Kade shivered hard, the the blade on his chin burning hot.

"I didn't chose to share a womb with you and I didn't chose to hold you back for five years! Pushing faults around? Blame the heavens! Blame the gods hierarchy. I'd have spared you if you didn't involve a kid, but involving a kid was mindless, and you'll pay with your life!" 

She jammed the knife into his neck, slicing his throat easily.

Kade fell to his death on the ground, and she dumped the bloody knife on his body before stumbling out of the room with tears in her eyes.

She went on her knees, and the guards all knelt around her, waiting to pick her up but also scared to touch her since everyone knows her bad temper.

She's too weak. Losing blood is too dangerous for a goddess since every drop of her blood is priceless.

She needs to replenish her blood, or she falls into a deep sleep which she doesn't even want.

She crawled back to her room, ordering for a full plate of fruits salad which was immediately brought.

She ate it all without leaving crumbs, gathering little energy with that, then she sat balled on the foot of her bed.

She took the watermelon bracelet from where she dropped it last night.

Her tears dropped on the bracelet beads before she knew it, and she folded her palms tightly on it, shoving her red sickly face into her weak knees.

Her body temperature so fuckin hot.

--

[Morregan Health Hospital, Next Morning]

Caspian's surgery is over, it was marked done at 7am.

Immediately Caspian was wheeled back to the ward, Rivera did her little healing work since the damage is now minimal.

She exhausted a lot of power from her core though, but it was worth it.

Caspian's eyes opened, and he sat up in bed, catching his breaths as if his whole unconsciousness was a running marathon game.

"Katherine is home, and the doctors say she's in her room, better than before. She still needs blood, though. She reported.

"No other blood is suitable for her if not her partner's blood, but I won't allow a drop of Ryker's blood in her system. At all. How could the heavens play this game on me? How? How could the mantle be in him? He froze the ocean, meaning he's even more powerful than his last life, meaning the mantle is his originally! Meaning I won't ever get to have the mantle in me! My long life is a punishment my the heavens, and very soon, even my wealth will start going down! The moment she gets too close to Ryker, my life is over!" Caspian ranted, jumping off the bed.

"That can't happen...it can't.." he shook his head, obviously scared.

"You sealed her memories and powers, and the mark glitter was only a glitch cos the seal was getting weak. We only have to rebuild it with my wings, and the seal can only be completely broken if she stops hating Ryker. She still hates him, so why are you stressing?" Rivera said.

"That's right!" Caspian snapped his fingers.

"About how she needs Ryker's blood to heal properly, if she doesn't get the blood, she'd fall into a deep sleep for years, and that's even better. After all, she'd still wake up." Rivera continued.

"You're brilliant!" Caspian gasped, grinning again.

"Also, the wedding is still holding in three days, I found a capable witch to lift the hex, and you can finally have her in bed." Rivera said.

"What would I have done without you? You're the best!" Caspian laughed, getting the drip clip away from his finger.

"C'mon, get the witch, let's go home and lift the hex, right now!" He ordered.

Rivera followed her out of the ward.

A minute later, Doctor Blaise entered, but he was shocked to see Caspian gone. He rushed out to the EU reception, knocking the nurses table.

"Caspian Yusluv, where did he go?"

"He left with his female guard just now, and he looked fine." The nurses reported.

"Looked fine? He was wheeled out of surgery less than an hour ago! A surgery on his skull!" Blaise said shockingly.

"He looked really, fine..." The nurses repeated like they're under a spell.

"Doctor Blaise?" 

The call of his name made him turn, sighing out loud when he saw Winona and Kasia behind.

"Next checkup is next month, my misses." He said jovially.

"Kasia teaches in a daycare, and she brought one of her pupils, so I tagged along. It's not about our ulcer this time around." Winona cleared.

"Oh? Bring me to the kid then," Blaise replied, and he was led away.

Astor appeared from the last corner of the hall with folded fists, but he didn't stay for long before leaving.

--

[Morozov Residence]

Xena spent the night at Anatoli's cage room, spraying the rat man with pesticide and making him sick to the bones and blood.

She has burned him with fire on the head, pulled his limbs apart, removed his teeth.

She did all that throughout the night.

This pesticide is her last resort, and she's crying regretfully as she sprayed 

Thinking of how Soren hates her madly in this lifetime is traumatizing, she just wants to die.

If she didn't hate Ryker stupidly, if she didn't envy Shayla foolishly, maybe Soren wouldn't grow this intense hate that burns.

She could still remember how he told her on their wedding day that he'd torment her in every lifetime, and he's really doing just that.

She sniffled, and her nose hurts from overdoing it.

"I see you're determined to kill Anatoli today. Thought I was the only one obsessed with hurting him," Rumi commented, entering the room.

She's carrying Sensei, and she dropped the rabbit on Xena's head.

Sensei jumped from her head to her arms, but Xena still didn't turn.

"You ok?" Rumi turned her face, gasping when she saw the tears.

"Twin sis!"

"Soren is at my ballet center too, and he already hates me!" Xena hiccuped.

"Soren Millions?" Rumi frowned.

"He's now Soren Harland. He saw your small picture in my keychain and said he likes you. Rumi, he likes you, not me." 

"Wh...at??" Rumi blinked.

--

[Dominika Petals]

The shop is big enough to serve flowers to the whole neighborhood, and though it's still very early in the morning, the sign in front of the shop says CLOSED.

Dominika is inside with Astor, and their discussion seems heated.

"You saw the West Palace family in the hospital? They reincarnated?" Dominika said shockingly.

"I took a coworker to get colostomy, and I saw Blaise as a doctor, I can't mistake that red hair. Winona and Kasia came as his patients, they had ulcer." Astor replied.

"You ate their cores, and they still reincarnated with ulcer, only means they've got strong relentless souls." Dominika shrugged.

"Strong soul or not, I'm killing them again!" Astor threatened.

"Are you crazy? Kill them again? For what? You had your revenge in their last life! You wiped out the family for what their ancestors did, so why do it again this lifetime!" Dominika objected fiercely.

"Cos I hate to see them alive after what their ancestors did to my wife!" Astor argued.

"Are you serious right now? You're going too far! I was there when your wife gave birth to Faye, and you know what she said last? Tell Faye and Astor to be good. You killing the West Palace family in their last lifetime was already cruel but enough to satiate your anger. I will never support you doing it again, think your wife would be happy to see you do it?" Dominika cautioned.

"I'm doing it, you can't stop me Dominika," Astor shook his head adamantly.

By the door, Faye stood.

She was coming to the shop to get Astor when she started hearing the conversation, and she stood here, listening till the end.

She touched Blaise's core in her pocket, gulping.

--

[Cold-Hearted Harem]

Rivera and Caspian picked up the witch from a tarot shop on their way home, all ready to lift the hex when they arrived, but on getting home, Shayla was nowhere to be found.

Not in her room, not in the hall. Just the guards, and Kade's body in the crib. Even the doctors have no idea.

"Where is she?" Caspian asked, very low but hard.

No one could provide an answer.

"Where is she!!!" He yelled impatiently, pulling out his gun and aiming at two, shooting them down to calm, but it did nothing.

"Where is my fiancee!!!!" He gnarled, shooting the third.

--

Meanwhile, Shayla is outside the harem gate.

She was already out before Caspian arrived earlier, she just waited for him to go in before she moved her car, slowly down the lane.

Eyes and face is still pale, and she looks terribly sick, her hands barely gripping the steering wheel well.

Tears dropped from her chin to her laps as she's wearing bum shorts.

No destination in mind, she's just driving, with wounded chest, blood-starved system, and sick essence. She can't even feel her own movements, but she's conscious enough to know a car has been following her, slowly like a trail.

The car has been following her since she drove out of the harem lane.

She overlooked and continued driving, neither stopping nor halting till a destination came to mind 

The bridge where she fell last night.

She drove there, and she wasn't surprised to see the ocean is still frozen, but there are red RISKY tapes surrounding it like snakes, to keep people from climbing the ice.

She got out of her car and climbed anyways, walking barefoot on the ice and wiping the tear on her chin.

The ice felt hot on her feet cos her warm aura is easily making it hot, reddening her toes, but it's not as cold as this feeling pulling at her chest and threatening to tear it apart.

The memories, they're too heavy to carry, and the remembrance isn't bliss at all.

She could still see the sword in her tummy, piercing her together with him, she could still hear the cries of their most baby, but why can't she hear her own heart shattering?

Why is her heart still beating as if everything's fine?

Why is it still functioning well?

Why?

Just why? 

She felt something pulling at her smallest finger, and her eyes went down to the finger.

She raised it, and at the base of that finger, a dull red thread curled, pulling occasionally.

The thread extended with a line from her finger, and she looked forward, tracing where the other end of the rope will be.

Her feet moved slowly from her position when she saw where the thread ended at.

It's on the smallest finger of another person who's also standing on the ice with her, behind her.

She'd recognize those fingers even if they turn to ashes.

Her eyes went up.

The moment she saw Ryker, she turned around, her steps crazily quick as she walked away.

With a desperate run, Ryker was with her, hugged her from behind like she's everything that matters.

Like she's every importance, every essence, every length and breath of existence. Like she's the reason.

His voice was heavy with both guilt and starving emotions as he talked..

"Sorry won't fix the mess I made, and I don't care if you're with your memory or not, but please...don't run away from me. I thought I'd be able to take it, but I'm weaker than weak when it's about you. Please look at me, for once... please...

Shayla tore his arms away from herself, facing him and throwing a hard slap at his face.

"Good. You're doing well." He nodded regretfully, which cheek burning.

Her eyes were already red and teary as she brought her hand down to the thread on her finger.

She cut the thread to pieces, throwing it at his face.

"Hate can't even explain what I feel for you... leave me alone!!! I'll just go to the Forsaken Vale and forsake my mantle like Caspian did. I'll become a long-lived human like him and be with him forever cos I love him now, not you...a baby killer!" She ranted, her voice painful, hurtful, too much.

She was breaking as she talked, and her voice might be steady, but she looks so much apart, and her eyes are so dark and cold.

"You got your memories back..." Ryker muttered.

"Don't come closer, and don't worry, I'll send you an invite to my wedding party in three days, and you dare not make that wedding plan you terrible baby-killer bastard!" She spat, returning to her fast walk.

Ryker followed again, grabbing her for the second time.

She looked back, gave him a slash on the chest with her hand.

Ryker fell back on the ice, bleeding from the mouth as his insides turned overly hot with that one strike.

Her eyes was gold for a second before she balanced back on her feet.

"Don't touch me, you're nothing to me anymore!" She said, wanting to continue her walk again, but...

She noticed something pulling her finger again, and she checked to see it's another thread.

A new thread has grown, connecting her to Ryker again.

She cut it like she did the first one, and another one grew almost immediately, frustrating the hell out of her life.

"You damn ugly thing! Why not leave my fingers! I do not want to love this scum! I don't want to!! Please just...get away!!" She yelled frustratingly.

In anger, she threw her burning Firestone of fire at Ryker who's still on the ground.

He didn't move, so the fire landed on him, burning through his clothes and extending to his skin.

Shayla's eyes widened, and she let out an unplanned gasp...

"Ry!"

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Don't•Ever•Forgive•Me..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 112•113•114

MAKE SURE YOU COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW OR Y'ALL GET NOTHING.

REPLY ALL COMMENTS, DROP YOURS AND LIKE AND SHARE.

★

Shayla's arm sent a quick wave forward, and she fire went off immediately, but smokes enveloped him as the blaze was too powerful.

Ryker continued sitting there, getting a hold of his chest as a small trail of hot blood crawled out of his mouth, down to his chin and chest.

Almost instantly, Shayla held her chest too, a thin line of black blood came out of her lips corner.

Her hand went up to wipe it, but the tiredness she felt afterwards was insane, she staggered.

She needs blood—his blood, for replenishment. Otherwise, she'd really fall into that deep sleep.

She's losing time, and it's unadvisable, but she has no intention of taking his blood.

Ryker stood, the smokes still oozing out of his half burnt clothes as he dipped his hand in his pocket.

He brought out a small vial containing his blood that he drained, and he stretched the vial to her.

Immediately sue saw it, her thirst for replenishment heightened, but she held back, staring with balled fists, the space between them seeming to be growing bigger and bigger.

She could smell his blood even when enclosed in that vial.

The sweet smell of petals, and the darkness of doom. 

She could smell him so much it made her fold her palms tighter, hurting herself with the nails.

"Since the accident happened last night, I knew you'd need my blood. I'm not asking you to take it and forgive me, but I don't want you to fall into the deep sleep for years. Here, take it." He sent it to her through the air.

The vial hovered in front of Shayla, but she didn't take it.

Another drop of black toxic blood fell from her nose, and she sniffled, her eyes not leaving Ryker's smoky body and his bleeding lips.

She wiped the tear on her chin again, grabbing the vial of blood.

She opened it and drank every drop, then she threw the vial on the ground, breaking it somewhere.

Ryker smiled through his bloody lips, nodding.

"You did well, thank you."

"I took it because I really didn't want to fall into a deep sleep when my wedding is only in a few days. Like I said, I'll send you the invite myself, and you must come." She said, turning swiftly before vanishing.

Ryker went on a knee on the ice, trying to retch instead of throwing up blood.

"You're really something, aren't you, Ryker?" A known voice dropped behind him, and he lifted himself, facing Eternus.

The one thousand year looks good on him, the long white hair never changed, even the bodily build and facial features stayed good.

"I'm anticipating to see where all these ends at, but looks like it won't end well after all. If she drops her mantle like Caspian did, then the heavens will dump it on someone else, and that someone else will be your new partner. Also, she talked about inviting you to her wedding, seems like you really have no hope anymore, and you're finally gonna cry," he fanned himself with a fancy foldable fan as he spoke.

His long coat is almost dragging the iced ground.

Ryker didn't reply. The urge to reply wasn't even building.

"I begged you that day, didn't I? Don't do what you had in mind, but you went ahead and pierced your own child in her belly," Eternus continued.

"I didn't know!!" Ryker finally growled painfully.

"You do not trust anyone, Ryker. I am a seer, and I might not be able to see your future back then, but I saw darkness which meant calamity, and I knew whatever you did would lead to gore. The heavens might be hypocrites, but trust me there are still deities over there who are on your side! Also, your partner isn't just any partner, she's Shayla, and she loves you so deep that it broke the heavens plans and she got pregnant without growing a thread for you. Do you know how meaningful that is? But you ruined it with your impatience, so don't expect her to come around!" Eternus chastised.

Ryker went mute, but he shut his eyes and tears rolled out.

"Now she reincarnated again, do you know that in this lifetime, her powers and memories were sealed by Caspian? She'd only get the two back if her hatred for you stops, but look...she already got them back, meaning she doesn't even hate you! You put an hex on her which wasn't supposed to reincarnate with her, but it did, cos she feels for you more than you do for her." Eternus continued.

"She's getting married to him," Ryker replied in a regretful mutter. "And I must do the wedding planning." 

Eternus stayed quiet this time, but he sighed so loud.

"Last lifetime, you couldn't do anything cos out future was dark. Is everywhere dark again in this lifetime?" Ryker asked, not bothering to wipe his tears.

"I can clearly see your future and hers, as we speak." Eternus sighed again, fanning faster even on the ice and the cold weather.

"What's it gonna be?" Ryker asked.

"What if I tell you to wait, don't do anything, go ahead with the wedding planning?" Eternus replied, finally folding the fan.

"Don't act rash like you did in Luminaria, just stay calm. For once, stay calm about her. Can you do that, Ryker?" He asked genuinely.

Ryker was silent, but his Adam's apple moved, swallowing lumps as he imagined her dumping the mantle and walking down the aisle with Caspian. He died multiple times on that spot.

"I'll take that as a yes," Eternus nodded, turning around.

He smiled before vanishing off.

--

[Cold-Hearted Harem]

Caspian is still on his killing spree. Bodies of guards filled the harem like unwanted gifts, and their blood spilled like wastewater.

Rivera could do nothing but stay behind her master and watch his madness over the disappearance of his fiancee.

But she touched his arm when she saw someone entering the harem, and Caspian whipped.
 
The gun fell from her when he saw Shayla entering the hall.

He rushed to her.

"Where have you been!!" He shouted, grabbing her shoulders.

"Tell me, where did you go? Did that bastard Ryker take you? Is he trying to take you away from me?" 

Shayla looked around, sweeping her gaze on the dead bodies decorating the ground before looking at him.

"I only went our for fresh air in this vicinity, but I didn't expect you to prepare this massive decoration for me. You know how much I love blood and dead bodies." She smiled.

Caspian released a deep breath, rubbing her shoulders and smiling back gladly.

"You have no idea how scared i got. Come with me," he took her hand, leading her to the second hall where the witch stood like a vice.

Shayla was made to sit on a chair, and her arms were crossed over her chest, each climbing her shoulders.

She closed her eyes without even waiting, and Rivera exchanged glances with Caspian.

She didn't ask questions and didn't act crazy about it? The former Katherine would have probably said she's not interested in witchy stuff, but she actually sat for it?

Caspian didn't think too much about it. He signalled at the witch, and the hex breaking started.

They had to step back as the witch murmured inaudible words, eyes closed and arms flying in the air, sprinkling voodoo water from a bottle.

Shayla stayed calm throughout, and by the time the witch finished her murmurs, there are several cracks on the walls of that hall, and few geckos fell out, indicating the potency of her work.

Shayla's eyes opened.

"It's done, but keep abstaining  till two days. The hex is lifted, but it'd keep lingering around her essence for two more days before leaving completely. After two days, you can finally do whatever you want with her," the witch said.

"Why two more days?" Caspian asked.

"The hex was put on her by a god, wasn't it? I'm just a witch who did her thing, not an equal god. Wait till two days time. She has been holding it in too, so when the hex lifts in two days, she'd ask for intimacy by herself." The witch replied.

"Really?" Caspian laughed.

The witch nodded assuredly.

"Our wedding eve is in two days, so it's all good. Rivera, give her the check and escort her out!" Caspian ordered, and Rivera immediately followed the woman out.

Shayla stood from the chair she sat on, suddenly pushing Caspian.

His back slammed on the wall before he knew it, and he groaned at her face, smiling too.

Now that's the Katherine he knows. Rough, hard to handle and crazy.

His Katherine.

"There was something in my body, that's why you've been rejecting intimacy? And you didn't tell me?" She queried.

"I knew you wouldn't believe. You don't believe in magic so how would I convince you that you have a hidden hex in your body?" He replied.

"Well, it'd be gone in two days, right? So it's all good. I can't wait to have you inside this tightness," she winked, touching her midsection.

"You're driving me nuts," Caspian grinned, the hardness of his cóck reaching his belly.

"You didn't ask about who saved you from the car on the frozen ocean? About the kid?" He asked.

"Who else would have saved me if not you? And about the kid, it'd be better if she died. She was a pest," she shrugged, stepping away.

"Send the paycheck to the Ryker guy, he has two days to prepare for the wedding, and call the dress closet that Rivera will be coming to take my wedding dress tomorrow. My parents are arriving in the country tomorrow too," she smiled.

"As you wish," Caspian grabbed his phone.

--

[Foxx Ballet Center]

Rumi decided to follow today Xena to see for herself about Soren.

She'd just go to work from here after she confirms it.

As they entered the school grounds, Xena took a deep breath.

"Mum said she tried to book a meeting with Katherine's agency, but they declined, saying Katherine is busy for the next three, four days. She's probably getting married or something," Rumi shrugged.

"What! Shay is getting married? What about Ryker? What if Ryker eventually appears, he'd be heartbroken and —"

That was interrupted when a new girl crossed their paths, and they both stopped walking.

"Hey, I'm new here. Could you please direct me to the administrative office?" She asked.

"Mercury Vega?" They both chorused, looking at her from her flat shoes, to the face. 

"No, it's Mercury Mitori, I'm Japanese who came to Russia only because of this center. How did you know I'm Mercury though?" Mercury smiled.

The twins exchanged shocked glances, but they gave her the direction she asked, and she left for the admin office.

"Japanese? She landed a new nationality entirely in this lifetime, I'm happy for her," Rumi nodded.

"I know, right? But why is everyone not with memories?" Xena asked.

"Memories will only follow those who're strong enough to take it. Luminaria was a hellhole, I won't lie. Only a few reincarnated people will get their memories back, and the larger part of them will never get their memories at all. Also, not everyone will reincarnate. Some souls have no zeal to live again," Rumi explained.

"How come you're so bright about these things?" Xena nodded.

"I read, twin. I read books," Rumi stroked her hair, and they laughed as they entered the building.

"Oh...and she actually came with her twin sister," Soren stood from the chair he sat on with Sadie in the hallway.

"You didn't lie, and he's still as hot as ever...I must admit." Rumi whispered.

"Told you," Xena replied as Soren came closer, extending an hand.

"I saw your picture with your sis yesterday. I'm Soren Harland"

"Rumi Morozov," Rumi took the hand. They had a tight handshake.

Xena swallowed, stylishly stepping back as she watched their tightly hugging hands.

Is this the torment Soren talked about back then? Cos it's working just perfectly. She's dying inside, and she's crying inside, too.

It hurts, to the bones.

Sensei jumped out of her bag, and the old rabbit flew to Soren, causing him to break the handshake.

"Ouu!! Such a big boy!" He grinned as Sensei jumped all-over his body, slipping and squirming like he's seeing a long lost friend.

In this case, it's a long lost owner.

"Why is he so happy to see me? We haven't met before!" Soren laughed, liking the rabbit immediately.

"Guess it recognized it's owner," Xena smiled sadly.

"Owner?" Soren frowned.

"Don't mind me, you can actually keep it since it likes you," Xena replied simply.

"I told you I didn't like you yesterday, and you're actually giving me your rabbit?" Soren said.

"Keep it, I insist. The name is Sensei." Xena smiled.

"Then I won't reject, but I still like your sister," Soren nodded.

"I didn't give it to you just so you could like me," Xena smiled, just as much as she's hurting in the pit of her stomach.

"Feels refreshing to watch this drama alone, I might need a popcorn bowl," Sadie said, finally joining them.

She stroked Sensei's head, and the rabbit followed her too.

"Ren, it's actually following me too. Are you sure we haven't lived with this big boy before?" She smiled, carrying it gently.

"I'm telling you," Soren smiled back.

Xena looked at Rumi, and when Rumi saw the sadness in her eyes, she felt really bad. Too bad to even talk.

"Is this the part where I tell you about my sibling?" Soren faced Rumi.

"I already know your twin sister, so why don't I tell you about my elder brother? His name is Sage." He said.

"Sage?" Xena and Rumi chorused, having the same thing in mind.

--

[Lilith's Place]

Jojo just finished preparing breakfast at 10 cos Lilith has refused to do the task this morning.

She's still in bed, dozing.

The dinging of her phone beside her body made her open one eye.

Groaning and cussing, she picked up the phone, bringing it to hover above her face as she checked the message she received.

It's from her bank account.

"What!!!" She screamed, sitting up as sleep flew off her eyes.

A million rubles, for tonic.

From...boss?

She slapped herself, blinking repeatedly and shaking her head.

It's really from Ryker Morozov.

"Am I dreaming? Where did he see a million? I haven't seen a hundred thousand in his account before," she muttered, shaking her head again.

She got off bed, threw on a jacket over her pyjamas.

Without cleaning up, she dashed out of the room, going past Jojo who's eating in the small dinning room.

"Lilith! Where are you going looking like that!" Jojo shouted.

"Mum, my boss just sent me a million, and I'm about to go crazy right now so I have to go confirm!" Lilith replied, wearing her slippers.

"Your broke boss? Is this a joke? A million?" Jojo blinked.

"I'm shocked too, but don't worry, I'll get to the end of this and get back to you!" Lilith snapped, dashing out.

She travelled in a taxi, getting to the one room apartment ten minutes later. She literally jumped out of the car, crashing to the front door, but it's locked.

"Boss! Boss!" She pounded the door.

She was about to land the third pound when a police car arrived in front of the nextdoor house with an ambulance.

In about a minute, cops filled the area, and the trunk of the ambulance was opened, a stretcher was pulled.

"Who died?" Lilith muttered, giving up on knocking.

She went down the steps to view the scene better, and when the stretcher was wheeled out of the house with Pearl's body on top, she gasped.

"Wait wait...the nextdoor lady? How? Why? When? Why is she dead?" She shouted, rushing there to look.

The other neighbors are beginning to gather too, and they look just as shocked as they found out.

She was found dead in her bedroom with lots of broken mirror shards in her skin, and she has lost a lot of blood, but she wasn't exactly killed by the mirror shards.

She died cos she poisoned herself.

Her poison vial was found in her cold hands on her bedroom ground.

"Shit, why? Why poison herself? She looked radiant..." Lilith muttered, so full of pity for her.

A notification on her phone made her step away from the crowd.

The notification is from her boss. He actually sent her a new location.

--

[Dominika Petals]

Dominika sat alone inside the shop, and though she's busy packaging the different flower types in bouquets, she looks her saddest today.

Katherine's agency has refused to set a meeting for her, saying she's getting married in two days.

Getting married.

That means if Ryker eventually appears, he'd be left heartbroken.

She dropped the blue roses she's holding, resting her elbows on the table as she let out tears, but when she heard the doorbell ringing, signifying the entrance of someone, she quickly wiped the tears and stood.

"Welcome to Dominika Petals—"

Words failed her when she saw who actually entered, and the packaging nylon she's holding fell from her.

Ryker entered first, then Cheyenne and Sage behind him.

Dominika's sadness flew off, replaced with a nameless emotion which made her tear up even more.

"Ryker? Baby?" She sniffled, smiling and crying loudly.

"I admit that I'm not as old as I was in my last life, but heck, I'm 30, and I'm not a baby. Stop it, it's irksome," Ryker replied, voice firm but unable to hide his emotions well.

"Did I just hear emotions in your voice? Did I just...hear you being emotive?" Dominika cried harder.

Ryker held back.

"I've found you here when I saw 15, but I decided to watch from the shadows just the way you did in Luminaria." He said.

"Your parents in this lifetime?" Dominika asked.

"They're dead, they died on the day I was birthed. I grew up in a motherless camp, and I left there when I was 15. That was when I saw you working here," he explained.

Dominika cried more, rushing over to him, throwing her arms over him like a lost but found child.

She cried on his shoulder, and he hugged her back, patting her back.

"Shhh, tears don't suit you,"

"But I can't hold back, at all. No matter what, you'll still be my kid. I don't care about the age, last time I held you property was when I birthed you in your last lifetime. I'll forever be your mother, Agree or not, but I have three babies. Rumi, Xena and Ryker. RXR." She said, and Ryker hugged her tighter, closing his eyes.

"You're dramatic, mother."

"Yes. Mother, how sweet." She sniffled, nodding.

Sage and Cheyenne are already seated by the flower table, arranging the flowers with smiles.

"Mum!!" Xena rushed towards the shop with Rumi.

"Mum!! Sage is Soren's brother in this lifetime I think we might get a lead to Ryker if we—"

Her words screeched, and she stopped by the door when she saw what's going on inside.

She couldn't move anymore, but Rumi moved, taking one step after the other in her heels.

"Ryker?" 

Dominika broke the hug with Ryker, and he gave Rumi a thorough look.

"Yes, troublemaker?" He answered.

Rumi smiled. "You're actually...back?"

"So back," Ryker replied.

She stood still for a second, then she ran into his arms, crying.

"I'm so very sorry. I hated you cos I was so foolish. I made different schemes with Anatoli cos he filled my head with jargons! I believed you killed mother and I even helped Liza hide your partner's mark, leaving you to freeze for so many years. I'm so damn sorry I'm... I'm..."

She started stuttering when the emotions got too much, and when she felt Ryker's arms around herself, she only cried harder.

Xena was crying by the door too, but she was too ashamed to come forward.

She opened the door and ran out of the shop without looking back.

Dominika sighed.

--

[Morregan Health Hospital]

Doctor Blaise finished his first surgery for the day, washed up and was wiping with a napkin as he came out of the washroom.

As he walked down the hall, he couldn't help but feel someone following him.

The sensations were too high to ignore, so he kept looking back, to but he kept meeting nothing.

After looking back for the third time, he gave up, calling it his own paranoia.

But it's not paranoia after all. 

Astor is in that same hall, trying to get him from behind, waiting for the perfect timing.

He'll start from him, and from there, he'll get Winona and Kasia.

The West Palace folks have no right to exist in any lifetime again.

His wife died for life, so they also have to die for life.

He was about to transform and jump Blaise from behind when he was pulled back, and his plans hitched when he saw Faye's face.

"What do you think you're doing!" He muttered, trying to get her away, but he's only older, he's not stronger.

Faye is younger and more agile, so she was able to firmly hold him back.

"I heard your discussion with Dominika in her flowers shop, and I knew you'd do this. I won't allow you," she shook her head.

"You think I still have the zeal to listen to you?" Astor sneered. "You're the same person who refused to eat Blaise's core! I know you've been keeping it in your darn pocket!" 

"Because they didn't deserve to die for what their ancestors did, but we killed them anyways. This is their second life, and you're targeting them again? No." Faye said.

Astor broke free, laughing.

"Didn't deserve it? Well we have different philosophy, and I'm about to showcase mine. Don't even try to stop me!" Astor said adamantly, leaving the corner and resuming his chase.

Once again, Faye drew him back. He planned to knock her out this time, but her plan was bigger.

She dug her hand into his tummy, grabbing his core.

Astor's eyes widened.

"F....fa... Faye??"

Betrayal. Anger, and something else filled his voice.

"I can't watch you run mad totally, I'm sorry..." She pulled the core out and threw it in her mouth, chewing.

"No. You can't have two viper core in you at a time... you'll...die..." Astor groaned, but his words came out in a slurr as his body hit the ground hard.

He vanished out of existence.

Faye wiped her tears and left the hall, each step thudding at her chest the closer she got to Blaise's office.

She pushed the door open, and Blaise looking up from his desk where he's arranging his next surgery documents.

"I don't have anything on my schedule, miss. I'm afraid you'd have to come ba—"

Faye pulled his core out of her pocket without waiting, forcing his mouth open...

She shoved it inside, and she stepped back as a dim light surrounded her.

She was smiling sadly as she watched Blaise stand from his chair, his red hair glowing and his eyes wide.

He surely got memories of his past life back already.

"Faye?" He muttered, and her smile just turned sadder, sour and bitter.

"I and my father will go meet mother in the afterlife. Just use this lifetime to take care of your mum and sister. Their ulcer will be cured once I and my father leave the surface," she muttered, stretching her arm forward.

"Faye!" Blaise rushed forward.

"I've always liked you and your red hair, too bad I won't get to touch it for the last time" she smiled.

Before Blaise could get to her, she vanished out of existence ike her father, and Blaise went down.

"Faye...Faye... Faye!!!"

--

[Glass House, Two Days Later]

Cheyenne has been drumming the shit out of her jazz drum set since they returned here.

The set at the jazz bar is good, but nothing compares to the luxury set here, rimmed with gold.

Despite being hundreds of years old, it's still so beautiful and emits the right sounds as she drummed.

Sage is her only audience just like back then.

He sat behind a table, drinking wine and glancing, listening and swallowing the vibes, clapping and howling when necessary.

Ryker has been busy doing the wedding planning for Katherine and Caspian, and tomorrow is finally the wedding.

He has been in his room, refusing to come out since he finished the wedding plans this morning.

Cheyenne and Sage are in another part of the house though, and one would walk for three minutes before getting to his own side.

It's an extended version of the house, and Cheyenne's drumming echoed.

She finally dropped her drumsticks, standing from behind the drum.

She walked up to Sage, took his cup of wine and drank the rest.

Sage held her hands suddenly, standing and smiling.

"I never stopped loving you, even when you told me to stop in Luminaria. Not even for once," he muttered, caressing her knuckles.

Cheyenne broke free, dropping his hands and taking her bag that's on the table.

"You're drunk, Sage." She said, taking her leave.

The room felt empty the moment she exited, and he quickly went after her, catching up in the wide hall.

"Sorry I couldn't stop rambling! Just that...I can't really stop...the urge is hard to develop." He quickly said.

Cheyenne stopped, but she didn't turn. She stood there, listening.

"And I'm not drunk, I'm in my right senses. You have no idea how many times I dreamt of you in the last lifetime and this one, you have no idea how many times I mistook someone else for you cos I was missing you too much. You have no idea..." He rambled on and on, backing each work up with shallow shaky breaths.

Cheyenne rubbed her palm on her palazzo pants, and her bag hit the floor when she dropped it.

She turned, finally, doing a give steps walk to him.

She fisted his dress shirt in the front, pulling him to herself with it.

Her eyes closed before she captured his lips, deeply.

Sage's eyes only widened for a sec, but his hands was faster than his other body parts.

He held her waist, kissing back as his eyes went closed.

He lifted her off the ground, her legs on his waist, arms on his shoulders, lips kissing hard as he went back into the jazz room and closed the door.

--

[Cold-Hearted Harem]

The harem is full.

Not just guards or workers.

There are family, friends, company staffs, business associates and several treasure hunters.

It's the wedding eve of Caspian Yusluv and Katherine Pierce.

Tommorow is the wedding, but the celebration is already on tonight.

The smell of varieties of food rented the harem air.

Music blasted by the pool, by the hall, by the circus, the lawn. It's happily loud in every angle.

While all of this is ongoing, Caspian is inside his bedroom, totally naked.

Today is the day the hex lifts finally, and he can't even wait for tomorrow.

He's having her tonight, nothing could stop his dîck from fuckin her senseless till daybreak.

She's gonna walk to the wedding hall with painful pu$$y, that's for sure.

He was pumping his fat cóck in the middle of his palm as he sat in bed when Shayla came out of the bathroom nakedly too.

Slowly, Caspian stood, his mouth agape as he stared at the newly discovered nakedness.

He expected her bóobs to be smaller though, but they're quiet big.

Even her hips are wider than he thought, and her cl1t has no shade of pink like he imagined.

But she's very sèxy, and that's what he's after. He just wants his thing inside her, so Ryker can go die.

"Are you just gonna stand there, Pian?" Came her seductive voice.

She motioned at him with a finger, and Caspian was with her in the next millisecond.

Lips met lips, the kiss so rough and bloody, pushing her to the ground.

Her back hit the cold tile, and she didn't even bother asking to go to bed. His cóck entered her easily.

--

[Glass House, Ryker's Bedroom]

With a bottle of wine in hand, Ryker sat at the foot of his bed, holding the breathing teddy bear to his chest as he poured the wine down his throat occasionally.

He has tears in his eyes, though they're falling in thin lines, but they're still tears.

Only gawd knows how many times he has thought about entering the harem and taking Shayla forcefully even if it means she'd hate him for life, but Eternus warning kept holding him back.

He didn't want to ruin things again, so he could only plan the wedding in pain and tears.

Plan the wedding of his own partner.

He drank from the wine bottle again, the drink feeling so hot in his throat, burning and hurting.

He didn't even bother to heal the little burnt wound he got on his skin from Shayla, or the one on his palm from her heel stab.

He was wallowing gladly in the pain of both as he imagined what's going on in the harem right now.

It's the wedding eve.

She's probably with Caspian in a bed, and her hex is probably gone.

He threw the wine bottle with him away, and at the same time, someone entered the bedroom.

He snapped his fingers, and the other multiple lights in the room came on.

He was too gobsmacked to see Shayla standing there in only her nightwear jacket, hair down and feet bare.

Ryker rose to his feet, the breathing teddy dropped in bed.

"Shayla?" He whispered unbelievably.

"The address of this place never left my memory..." She replied, not moving and still expressionless.

Ryker gulped, her presence in the room making him mindless, senseless, drained of brains.

So many things happening to him at this same time, and his heartbeats are wild he's very sure she could hear it.

"I expected you to come raze down the harem and get me,," she started, voice cold but careful.

"I can't make the same mistake twice. It's your choice to make... forgiving me or not. It's your decision to make," he replied, and he saw her gulp, too.

Without waiting, he went on his knees, two of them.

"I don't want you on your knees," she said immediately, eyes softening.

"But I'm a scum, and I'm sorry... I'm so fuckin sorry. I'll say it for every lifetime if I have to ..." He replied, shaking his head slowly.

"I'm sorry... Your Highness." He sniffled, his head is heavy.

Shayla lowered her lashes at him, still not moving.

"Truth is, even if every lifetime leads to eternal damnation, I'll still be entangled with you in every one..." She muttered, finally moving forward with slow steps.

Getting to him, she knelt in front of him too, reaching for his face with a warm hand.

She touched with a small smile, easily clearing up all the burn wounds on his body.

Ryker stayed still, but his eyes never left her unreadable face.

"Caspian is with a clone I formed with my face, he's probably fuckin her right now thinking she's me..." She whispered, touching his lips.

She looked up at his face, and the red thread appeared on both their smallest fingers, redder than before.

Her second hand went to the rope in front of her jacket, untying it and shrugging it off.

She's wearing a lingerie set. The same type of panty and bra set he gifted her in Luminaria back then.

And for the third time this night, Ryker swallowed nothing, his eyes running from her face to her body.

Moderate breasts, moderate hips, fleshy arse and the flattest tummy.

"There's no wedding without you, Ry. Let's make another baby." She whispered, pressing his lower lip with her thumb.

His affectionate eyes found hers, and their knees collided on the ground...

"Firefly..." He whispered, and her smile bloomed, brighter than her fire

He returned the deep smile, and his dimples dotted his cheeks for the first time in countless years.

"I love you," he whispered.

She wasn't able to savor it well when his hungry starving lips crashed madly on hers in the next minute, she lost sense of time.

"Baby, my love...I missed you like home."  He whispered on her tongue, devouring her mouth.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Don't•Ever•Forgive•Me..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 115•116•117

MAKE SURE YOU COMPLETE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE 7PM TOMORROW OR Y'ALL GET NOTHING.

REPLY ALL COMMENTS, DROP YOURS AND LIKE AND SHARE.

★

Shayla moaned. Not once, not thrice, not even in line of the numbers she could count.

She couldn't stop it the moment it started. She couldn't resist, couldn't breathe, couldn't think nor use her head. What's the use of ruminating right now anyways?

She let go totally, falling into his domination once again, and he did the same, throwing himself into her merciless bossy grip.

She ate just as hard as he's eating, and his groans formed right under her moans, both chewing out their conjoined souls.

They forgot it's a kiss which was supposed to end in the mouth, the deepness reached their throats and beyond, and their faces turned red as the kiss became too much.

Saliva shared abundantly, breathings eliminated, heartbeats in sync across their chests.

By now, her lingerie set is out of her gorgeous body, and his thin layer of clothes has been torn away from his skin like he's some slût.

Her personal slût.

Ryker picked her up, standing from his knees and balancing her pûssy on his belly, his arms wrapped on her arse, digits pressing the flesh.

He tangled his fingers on the anklets on her ankles—the one Caspian got for her on her birthday.

He cut the two, and the red Jade beads scattered everywhere in the bedroom, the sounds of rolling beads making them break the kiss.

Eyes yearning madly, mouths parted with equal space, breaths finally coming out in a dangerous rush, slapping each in their faces.

Her wetness pooled on his tummy, running down his torso.

"Been waiting for you to cut them...the anklets..." She whispered, her hands cupping his face.

"Been wanting to cut them off since that twat bragged that he gifted you the first two pairs of his newly released jewelry..." He whispered back, pressing her arse, hard.

"Are you going to replace it?" She smiled prettily.

"You want my life? Take it" He replied, and she chuckled.

"No. I just want you, you alone. I love you so much, Ryker Morozov..." She leaned in, brushing their noses together before resting her forehead on his own gently.

"I love you madly, Shayla Pierce..." He replied, a little kiss following those heavy words.

"Till the end of time? Till flowers fall with no trace? Till the magnolia blooms black? Till the moon bleeds beet-red?" She said, clipping her legs on his perfect body.

"Till the sun shines at night, till the stars take triangular shapes..." He replied, and that was followed by her cute happy laughter.

It was short, cos it ended with her lips inside his mouth again. The kiss resumed, fiercer than before.

The former one was like a preparatory warmup, cos this not only stole their breaths, it stole their brains too. They were too empty-headed as they kissed their sparks to life.

Her back landed on the mattress, and her hand went down to hold his cóck, touching every inch, every part of it with a delicate trace which made him leak from the cap.

"It's still the same..." She whispered.

Matching her freak, his hand went inside her pûssy, two fingers at once, and he struggled before he could even get them into the tightness.

"I can say the same about you...your highness..." He moved the fingers for a few times, easily making her moan as he stretched her out.

He came on him, and his hands crawled back up, squeezing her breàsts as his cock entered her.

Shayla's eyes rolled to the back, her legs slapping his back as she clamped them there, the sensations so much, so sweet. Beads of pleasure tears hung at the corner of her eyes.

"I missed this...so much..." She whispered, mouth refusing to close as he went all the way in.

Giving her nîpples sweet kisses, he came back up, cupped her face like an egg just the way he does.

"I missed the scent of your cûnt more... Every inch of you..." He said, crowning it with another kiss.

"Ryshenka," she moaned through the kiss, and she could feel him smiling into her mouth.

"And I missed that name too, Moy Rodnaya." He said, starting his thrusts, his skin slapping hers with a tempo so impatient as he pounded her to the bed like his.

His woman.

She was in another planet, and he was in another universe, both at loss for words as their bodies exchanged hot fluids, communicating wildly.

There was no halt, no pause, no hitch. It was rounds after rounds.

By the time it was midnight, the bedspread was wetly wet with unholy releases from both sides, but their bodies weren't ready to stop, still.

She kept asking for more, and he kept it going, neither getting tired nor losing appetite.

He served her, claimed her tightly, and she took all of him, branding his name in her holes once again.

She kissed him, softly and sweetly. He moaned her name, and she smiled.

--

[Cold-Hearted Harem]

Caspian wasn't even aware that the guests are starting to go to sleep.

It was supposed to he an all nighter eve celebration, but when the guests didn't see the bride or groom, they started retiring into the guests unit to have their beauty sleep.

Caspian is still in his bedroom, fuckin the clone and pouring almost all his body liquid in the shell.

He still hasn't climbed the bed with her. All the rounds he went with her were on the ground, so the ground has sticky stains from his fluid.

It was past 12 when he started getting tired, and he collapsed on top of her, breathing hard.

"Fûck! You're so damn submissive tonight, and it's delicious. I love when you don't give me complications, Katherine. That's like the best version of you." He muttered, expecting to hear her cuss at him or moan, but nothing came.

"I know I said I like you pliant, but you being too quiet and easy is not cute. Are you ok? Or did I fûck you too much?" He laughed.

Nothing came, again.

He lifted his figure from her body, but shockingly, there's only a pile of skin with no flesh underneath, like a deflated tyre tube.

"Fûck!!!!!!!" He screamed, scrambling to the other side of the room.

"What the fûck!!!!"

Hearing his scream, Rivera bursted into the room with several other guards.

Seeing the deflated skin, their eyes came apart with equal width.

Rivera went closer to it, but before she could touch, the skin burned, and the ashes vanished with the air.

"A clone," she muttered, detecting.

"What do you mean a clone?" Caspian stood, quickly throwing knickers on to cover his nakedness.

"Miss Katherine probably formed a clone to fool you. I suspected something was wrong cos she has been too quiet these days, but I didn't expect it to be this much," Rivera replied, and Caspian ran out of the room, tying his knickers rope as he made his way to Shayla's room.

Only her property is there, every property he bought for her... they're there, but her scent is not there. The soft scent of warmth left the room totally as if she never lived here.

Shayla wiped her scent off totally before leaving.

On the wall, GO TO HELL, CHILD. I'M WITH MY MAN, was written boldly with her eyeliner.

Caspian fell on the ground, his right hand entering his hair as everywhere blurred first.

His eyes turned, so when he tried getting up, he fell again.

"Also, judging by the amount of blood she lost at the frozen ocean, she's supposed to have fallen into a deep sleep since like two days ago, but she was very fine, meaning she met Ryker that day she left the house, and she drank his blood already. I can't believe I missed that!" Rivera stumped her foot on the ground.

Caspian tried standing for the third time, but he still fell back cos everywhere is still so fuckin blur.

He came six times on a clone??? 

He kissed a clone? Spanked a clone? Ate out a clone? 

Fucked her mouth too?

Oh gawd. He punched himself in the face, bleeding intentionally.

He should have noticed when her body proportions were different from what he imagined, but he was too obsessed with having her.

He finally was able to stand from the ground, body shaking with rage and fury and anger.

Every other word for it.

A guard ran inside with a tablet, and he presented it to Caspian with a bow

Taking it, Caspian saw what's going on in the treasure market.

A new company is coming in tomorrow, the largest base ever with the biggest headquarters in this country, and the name is FrostFire.

Their first product is called RyLa, to be be launched tommorow too.

Caspian needs no soothsayer to tell him who it is. It's very obvious.

He threw the tablet away, driving his fist into wall.

He can't lose this way. He can't.

Rivera and the other guards stepped back for the fear of incurring his wrath, and as if the occuring heat isn't enough, another guard came in with a new report.

"Mr and Mrs Pierce are here. Their flight arrived in the country late, and they're planning to spend the night here, with their daughter." 

Caspian's eyes snapped up, and a knowing smirk snatched his mouth.

There's a way after all.

--

[Next Morning, Morozov Residence]

As early as 7am, Dominika is in the kitchen, making breakfast.

She's not gonna be going to her flowers shop today.

She's gonna be bringing food to Ryker in his glass mansion. She got a special key card from him, and it's supposed to be a surprise since she's aware he doesn't fancy food, but so far she cooked it, even if it means crying to make him eat, she'd do it.

She has been cooking for Xena and Rumi, it's time for him to enjoy her motherly meals too.

According to the snitch she got from Xena, he liked fruits salad back then, so she made it as appetizer beside the main macaroni dish.

As she cooked, Rumi sat in the living room, looking at the picture she took with late Faye and Xena.

She was smiling sadly as she scrolled.

Faye is gone, they found out through the note she left at her place when she went there with Xena yesterday.

She killed her father and killed herself just to stop him from exacting blind revenge on the West Palace family again.

It seemed like the only way out, but she could have only killed Astor and left herself alive, right?

Maybe it was destined. She didn't even leave her body for burial, she disappeared without a trace.

A small tear left Rumi's eye, and she wiped with a finger when she received a call.

It's from Soren.

"Hey," she picked slowly.

"Are you crying?" He asked immediately.

"Nope, I'm just waking so my throat is clogged somehow," she lied.

"Cool, you said you work at Dawn hospital, and coincidentally, Sadie's sick bastard father is also there. She's coming to see him later today, can I tag along with her? I'd love to see you." He said.

Rumi got up from the couch.

"You know my sister has a big crush on you, and this is kinda awkward. I don't want to hurt her..." 

"I don't like your sister, Rumi. I've always been plain about it since the first time I met her. She gave me her rabbit Sensei, and I like the big boy, but I do not like her. There's just something about her I can't pinpoint..." He explained.

Rumi sighed, not saying a thing.

"But if you don't want me to come with Sadie to the hospital, I won't come." He quickly said.

"You can come," she replied.

"I'll see you then, at noon..." He hung up, and she sighed, pushing her phone into her pocket.

She went into the cage room, sliding in quietly, and as expected, she met Xena there, crying like crazy.

She's holding Faye's farewell note in her hands...

• I'm leaving, but for good. I'll be leaving with dad, can't have him destroy Blaise's family again.

That was all Faye wrote in the note they found on her bed.

Xena's tears soaked it completely already.

"Are you crying cos of Faye's death, or Ryker's comeback? Or Shayla's comeback? Or Soren?" Rumi asked.

Xena stood, and Rumi felt badder when she saw her swollen face.

"Everything is happening to me, Rumi. Why did Faye leave without saying a longer goodbye? Why does Soren dislike me this much? I'm glad he likes you but does he have to hate me? We can be friends yunno, but he only likes you. I called Shay a hunt dog and declared us enemies forever cos I was jealous of her, now she's back as the idol I love and respect so much. And my brother Ryker...I can't even start counting how many hurtful things I said to him, now he's back and I can't even...I can't...can't face him. Rumi, I want to just die!!!" Xena cried loudly.

Rumi quickly pulled her into a sisterly hug, stroking her back.

She didn't talk, she just tried to calm her down.

"Karma is real, Rumi. I'm really paying for my sins accordingly," Xena hiccuped.

"You can still make amends, I promise you. You'll follow us to Ryker's glass mansion later today...I'm sure Shayla is there cos Ryker called this morning, saying he got Shayla back already. You'll kill two birds with a stone by begging the two of them." Rumi rubbed her back.

"But I don't want to go" Xena hiccuped again.

"Oh but you will... even if I have to bundle you," Rumi smiled, kissing her hair. "You're coming with us, twin."

Dominika who has been watching from the door since the start of everything stepped away.

She pulled her phone out, went to her gallery and clicked on the only picture of Astor and Faye she has.

She stopped to stare.

"Very foolish man, Astor. I wish Faye didn't end himself with you. That sweet girl didn't deserve to leave" She breathed out.

She scrolled to the treasure market news next, reading the news of FrostFire launching for the tenth time. She couldn't stop reading.

The new product will be out by 10, and she definitely can't wait.

--

[Morregan Health Hospital]

Blaise invited Winona and Kasia for a talk, and he has been waiting in his office, standing and refusing to sit with the intense anticipation.

He really got his memories back when Faye forced his core back into his mouth, and he also got his hair shine power back.

Since then, he has been thinking of the best approach. 

He thought about dinner, but that'd be too forward, so he decided to invite them to the hospital first since they've met here as doctor and patient many times.

They have different families now, and they don't remember their memories. He now has a different family too, but he can't just throw away the memories he recovered.

Kasia is the best mother ever, Winona is the most brilliant sister, nothing is changing that.

The door opened, and he turned around, freezing suddenly when he saw them coming in.

Before, it was as patients, but now he's only seeing his mother and sister.

They're both smiling, and he gave them a bigger smile as they approached him.

"It's rare for Doctor Blaise to invite patients personally for a talk, are we safe?" Winona asked.

"Took the words right outta my mouth," Kasia smiled.

Unable to take the building emotions anymore, Blaise closed the space between them and hugged them both at a time, crying like a kid.

The women exchange glances over his shoulder, looking surprised.

"Doctor Blaise, are you ok?" Winona asked first.

"I'm fine, just so happy to see you both again," Blaise broke the hug to look at their faces, his tears streaming.

"But we come here almost everyday," Kasia said confusedly, wiping his tears carefully.

Blaise sniffled, but his smile stayed intact, bright as day.

"Dinner. I'm inviting you both to dinner tonight, how's that sound?"

"Dinner?" They chorused.

"Yeah. You both are my closest patients, and we could be friends, yunno? Besties? Trio? I'll foot the heaviest bills" He explained.

"Now I'm interested," Winona chirped.

"We have a cop, a daycare teacher, and a doctor. I can't think of a better trio..." Kasia said.

"I know, right?" Blaise hugged them again, and this time, they hugged him back, both feeling the bond even without their memories.

They could feel it somewhere inside them, it's pulling.

Blaise couldn't measure his own happiness. He just wants to take care of them from now on.

His mind went to Faye, and a small tear fell, his heart aches.

--

[Glass Mansion, 9am~Jazz Room]

Sage's head is on Cheyenne's laps, and her back is resting on a comfortable low foam chair, no noise, just their soft breathings.

They spent their night here after the hot kiss and caress session last night, and surprisingly, Cheyenne woke up first, meeting his head on her laps.

She kept her yawn silent as she watched him sleep peacefully, his head never moving away from her laps, never shifting for once.

She smiled widely, wondering what a cute boyfriend she got for herself. Sage is a whole package, too bad she's only just realizing.

Same guy she told off at Luminaria, who knew love was this crazy? She can't even explain how.

Maybe it's her wish during the Lantern Feast. She didn't only wish good things for Ryker and Sage, but she also wished for a godsent to for herself, and it came as Sage.

Sage's eyes opened, meeting hers straightaway.

"Good morning," he groaned first off, eyes still slightly drowsy.

She nodded, resting her palms on the chair surface.

"Wait!" He quickly sat up, holding her face and turning it to the sides 

"You slept sitting up like this throughout the night? And I slept laying on your laps? Must have been painful for your neck, I'm so inconsiderate. I'm sorry..." He muttered, hugging her.

"Should have got us to the bedroom..."

"It's fine, cute boy. I enjoyed it here." Cheyenne smiled, hugging him back.

"Cute boy? Sounds like a pet name for a kid with candy," he replied, and she laughed shortly, giving him deep kisses on the cheeks.

"But you're cute," she said.

"I know," he winked, kissing her forehead with a pop.

They heard fast footsteps at the hall, and they both got up, rushing out to meet Lilith entering.

"Lilith?" They chorused.

"Boss gave me this address as his new location since three days ago, and I've been searching and searching, but I could only locate it today. Who owns this place?" Lilith asked.

--

[Bedroom]

With an hand to his temples and his elbow resting in bed, Ryker stared with deep affectionate eyes at Shayla who's still very fast asleep beside him, her breaths coming out gently.

Her arms are around him, legs around him too, and many curls of her hair is around his face which he's not even trying to get off.

Last night was the first of it's kind. He had no idea he was blessed with such stamina. It was insane how they could do it multiple times, and how she never got tired too, instead charging him up for more.

It wasn't just sèx, they made love, and it was the most blissful thing ever. Their souls connected, and their bodies remembered the feels.

Isn't he the luckiest god alive?

Last two lifetimes were so unfair, but he finally got his laughter this lifetime with a promise to overcome whatever that is to come so far his baby is beside him.

He moved some hair strands away from her face, caressing her cheek with his thumb, and her sensitive self woke up. Her eyes opened fast.

"My mannn..." She drawled, and he chuckled, poking her nose.

"You have no idea how jealous I was when you called that twat your man..."

"Hmm, tell me more!" She flipped him, climbing his chest to sit nakedly.

"Is that why you got a teddy that breaths like me?" She gripped the breathing teddy from the bed base.

"I wanted to feel you, don't blame me," he replied.

"You even got it in color pink? You're so obsessed with me, and it's sweet to watch." She said.

"Cockiness fits you, baby. Love it when you talk like that .." he said.
She dropped the bear and slept flat on his chest, spreading her palm.

The watermelon bracelet appeared on it. Turns out it's the same one he gifted her on the boat in joy river during the Lantern Feast.

"Found it in a watermelon. How it got there, no idea. The deities must be crazy," She said.

He took it and changed it. Instead of blue and gold, it became pink, and the beads are more shinny, more luxurious, like there's water and fire inside them at the same time.

He wore it back in her wrist them kissed it, kissing her eyes next, her nose and chin next, and her lips.

"I bet Caspian is going crazy right now, poor boy," She whispered.

"He's going to do something crazy soon, I just don't know what." Ryker replied.

"We're here for him." She shrugged.

He sat up suddenly, latching his mouth to her breàsts, sucking.

"When we have a baby in the future, are you still gonna be sharing the nîpples with them?" She pushed his head playfully.

"I met the breàsts before them, they'll have to fight me, and they can't." He replied, and she laughed, her arms holding him.

She sat on his c0ck.

"Are you sure? Our kids are gonna have both our powers combined yunno? Ice and fire, careful...they might kill you..." She whispered.

"I'll go to war then, let the best man win, baby." He whispered back, and they both bursted into laughter, the happiness overwhelming them as they kissed again.

He gave her a tablet, and her smile spread as she read through the news of FrostFire rebrand and the jewelry that'd be releasing at 10."

"I knew you'd have a backup plan, it's my man we're talking about." She winked, making him chuckle.

"You're spoiling me..."

"You don't wanna be spoilt?" She winked again.

He spanked her arse behind, biting her nîpple in the front.

"Ah!" She gasped, "Jerk!" She pushed his head again, laughing.

He revealed a crystal box containing the sapphire corner RyLa rings, and as she opened it, she squealed, closing her eyes in half cos of the shine. It's blinding.

"It's too beautiful and rare at the corners! If you release this as your first product, you're gonna be killing Caspian. You're not taking it easy, Ry." She said savagely.

"That's the point, Firefly." He dipped his face between her bóobs.

Their sweet moment was interrupted by a knock on the door.

Both looked that way at the same time, and they dressed up in casuals.

Shayla wore his long sweatshirt and left the room with him who's wearing just his slacks.

They meet the knights by the door, and the two nearly screamed out.

Cheyenne had to cover Sage's mouth.

"How? When? When did you get here, your ladyship?" Sage talked through Cheyenne's fingers.

"Secret! I missed you guys, and we still have a lot to catch up on!" Shayla waved an hand, wrapping the hands on Ryker's busy after that.

"Aww!" Cheyenne sounded. "Look at boss! He was crying like crazy yesterday, now he found love!"

"Cheyenne!" Ryker cautioned.

"How bad did he cry?" Shayla asked immediately.

"Like a—"

Cheyenne could only say that when Ryker threw a ice block at her.

Sage quickly pulled her out of the way, and the block met the ground.

They were both laughing, and Shayla was laughing too as they left the knights at the hall.

"Don't be shy, let them tell me how much you cried..." Shayla whispered into his ear.

"Shut up, or I'll kiss you" He glared.

Shayla giggled, interlocking their fingers.

Getting to the main living room, they met Lilith waiting.

Ryker told Shayla about everyone he has met last night, so she wasn't at all surprised.

"You really own this house like Cheyenne and Sage said? You're a billionaire in disguise?" Lilith screamed.

"Multi-billionare, if there's anything like that." Ryker nodded.

Lilith fell on the couch, fainting as funnily as she does.

"There she goes again," Ryker sighed.

"She's so damn funny!" Shayla grinned.

"Hello here!" Dominika entered the house with Rumi.

"It's true! She's here!" Rumi shouted, dropping the cage she came with.

She rushed into Shayla's arms. "For hiding your mark, I'm sorry."

"It's all over now, Rumi. You're welcome." Shayla patted her.

Dominika hugged her next, stroking her hair like her very own daughter.

"Thanks for coming back to my kid despite his heavy heavy mistakes."

"Shit..." Ryker brought a palm to his face, and Rumi laughed secretly.

"Kid?" Shayla broke the hug.

"Yes kid. First and last time I carried him in my arms was when I birthed him, so yeah... he's my kid." Dominika said, and Shayla looked at Ryker, mouthing "kid" at him.

He rolled eyes.

"So I brought food, enough for the whole of today, and you dare not eat, kid." Dominika said.

"Stop with the kid thingy, or I'll stop calling you mother," Ryker threatened seriously, and Dominika quickly held her lips.

"Fine, Ryker." She muttered.

"Thanks for the food, I was starving after last night's exercise," Shayla said, and Rumi cleared her throat.

Dominika pretended she heard nothing.

"And I brought Anatoli," Rumi said, pointing at the cage on the table.

Ryker flipped it open and brought out the sewage rat, dropping it on the sleek floor.

It transformed back to Anatoli's human form, but he's barely alive. 

Broken limbs, half peeled skin, purple skin as a result of the pesticide he was sprayed with, burnt head, nearly all teeth fell off already, and his stomach is swollen with the toxins he was made to eat as a rat. Talking is impossible at this stage, he's only still living cos Ryker hasn't done his part of the punishment.

"Xena said you once promised to make his sufferings into a tape, so we've been recording the tortures we've been giving him as a rat, saved on my laptop at home," Rumi said.

"Good," Ryker faced Shayla. "Do it."

"Why?" She asked.

"I killed Liza, it's only right if you kill him, instead of me." He said.

"Sure?" She asked.

"If I do it, I'll soak this house with his blood, you're cleaner with it. Do it, and make it fast." He said.

Obeying, Shayla summoned her sword, and everyone stepped back when the fire sword appeared.

The blaze is too strong, and the reflection reached everywhere in the mansion, including her two eyes.

She released it, and the burning blade pierced the sinner man.

He didn't bleed, didn't even scream his last. His body disappeared out of existence with the sword, and the sword returned into Shayla's body.

The knights came out to the room, both clapping.

"That was indeed clean, the sewage is gone...fresh air eventually!" Cheyenne inhaled.

"By the way, Ryker... Shayla... someone's here to apologize, and I hope you both can please give her listening ears before we eat," Dominika informed.

Without saying the name, they already know who, so when Xena came in guiltily, no one talked, but Shayla's phone rang.

Excusing herself, she stepped back and picked the call from an unknown number. It's Caspian.

"What did you just say?" She frowned after he talked, but Caspian already dropped the call.

"What's up?" Ryker came to her.

"You said he'd do something crazy, and he really did" she muttered.

"Did what?" He asked.

"Kidnapped my parents," She replied.

Ryker stayed silent for a beat, but after that, they both laughed out loud in total amusement.

Definitely, they weren't impressed.

"He told me to come nakedly to him at the frozen ocean if I really want my parents back alive," Shayla said, still laughing as she talked.

"Someone kidnapped my in-laws? The in-laws we haven't met?" Dominika said behind.

"You heard that right," Ryker nodded.

"Who's that fool?" Rumi asked.

"It's very obvious, I dunno why the heavens once chose him as a god, I just don't understand," Sage said.

Shayla exchanged glances with Ryker, she waved her arm, giving them both covering clothes, and the two vanished from the mansion.

Since Xena's ability is back, she vanished with a cluster of butterflies.

Rumi cast a travel spell, vanishing with that too.

"Heard you both lost your abilities in this lifetime, shall I carry you both?" Dominika asked the knights.

"Knights never lose their shine. So far they stay around their master, they're bound to grace. We got it back last night." Cheyenne replied, raising her hand. Her nails grew long, and her eyes glowed, meaning an addition to her ability.

Sage removed the rope around his wrist, and it grew longer. His eyes glowed same as Cheyenne's... Green.

They vanished at a time, and Dominika was the last to vanish off.

--

[Frozen Ocean]

Caspian's guards are exactly a hundred. Everyone's here plus Rivera who's beside Caspian.

Mr. And Mrs. Pierce are on the ice.

Not tied, but they were forced to sit on the ground, back to back.

The mother has long wavy hair, just like Shayla's. The father has this defiant expression like hers too.

They're both silent as they expected what Caspian has to perform.

"As brilliant as this sounds, it's also not so brilliant. We're against gods here, not humans, so I call this abduction bullshit." Rivera said beside Caspian.

"I was once a god, remember? I am a thousand and five-fifty years old, I have never died cos my life is precious to the deities too. I can't be killed, that's my only gain. Let them come, I'll go to that war with Ryker," he replied adamantly.

Rivera couldn't say anything else before a slash hit the southern part of the ice from the sky.

Half of the guards went down, dying easily like fowls without bleeding.

Rivera and Caspian stood at alert, and the full army landed in front of them, led by Shayla and Ryker.

"Katherine!" Her parents gasped from the ground.

"I told you to come nakedly!" Caspian yelled, pulling out a gun and aiming at the parents.

He shot twice, not stalling. Each for each parent.

The bullets travelled forward, but before they could enter the parents, Shayla was there with superspeed.

The bullets entered her body, but as they entered, she dug her fingers into her flesh, taking them out. The wounds healed on the spot.

Caspian shot again, and Ryker moved this time, catching the one bullet in his fingertips.

It became dust, and he poured it on the ice before going for Caspian.

Rivera flew to obstruct him, but that was the last flight she ever took cos he gripped her wings, pulling the two apart before throwing her off.

Rivera's wingless body landed in front of Xena, and Xena summoned hungry ants.

The ants covered Rivera completely, eating into her bones.

Cheyenne and Sage handled twenty-fiveof the remaining guards.

Rumi and Dominika handled another twenty-five.

Blasts and slashes, spells and nail tearing, rope squeezing.

As they all fell to their deaths, Caspian realized he's now alone, and the fear he has been trying to hide finally bursted out.

He threw down his gun, took off his shoes and RAN like a thief.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 23:54 - olympicson: 🔥❄️HEARTS OF STONE❄️🔥
  (..Don't•Ever•Forgive•Me..)
____________

Copyright ©️ 2025.
          By; Naomi Cindy B.

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, or reposted in any form, or by any means without a written permission from the author.
_____________

CHAPTER 118 (FINALE)

ATTENTION: 🔥🔥 IT'S THE LAST CHAPTER, AND I TAKE BANNING SERIOUS. IF YOU'RE SURE YOU STILL WANT TO READ THE NEXT BOOK HERE WITH US, THEN MAKE SURE YOU TAKE YOUR TIME TO REPLY ALL COMMENTS, DROP YOURS, LIKE AND SHARE MASSIVELY.

🔥YOU DON'T WANNA WAKE UP TOMORROW AND FIND YOURSELF BANNED FROM HERE.

★

Cheyenne and Sage couldn't hold back their laughter as the helpless ex-god ran down, his foot cracking.

"Isn't he so cute?" Dominika smiled.

"More like hideous" Rumi scoffed.

"Cute in a disgusting way," Xena sneered.

Caspian could only run for two lucky minutes though, he fell on the ground when Ryker appeared in front of him, then he fearfully stood to turn around, but Shayla is at the back, looking as murderous as Ryker.

There's no escape route anymore, so he stayed still, trembling.

"You took everything away from me, even the spotlight in the treasure market! How dare you even release your new fuckin jewelry! If I didn't dump the mantle on you, you wouldn't know what wealth tastes like, and it's the fuckin truth!" He managed to talk.

"Even if the mantle wasn't dumped on me, I wasn't fated to be poor at all, get your facts straight with the deities, I naturally own the aura of wealth, and that's why even if you had gotten the mantle back, you still wouldn't have been as rich as me!" Ryker declared.

"Bastard!!!" Caspian yelled, veins dancing trepidly on his neck as he laughed eventually.

"Then kill me! Kill me and let's see if you'd last a day after!" 

"Kill you?" Shayla said behind.

He quickly turned to face her, meeting a classic smirk on her lips.

He shifted back.

"You don't deserve death, that'd be too kind for you. For all the chaos you caused, you deserve a gift. Your immortality will continue. You'll live forever, but in agony!" She continued.

"You jezebel! I should have killed you when I had the chance!" Caspian replied. He's already crying, knowing his fate looks ugly from here.

The moment Shayla raised her hand, Ryker did the same from the front, and Caspian was forced to his knees.

"Arhgghhhghh!!!!!!"

He grabbed his two legs, going from his knees to his butt.

"Fûck!!!!! Fûck! Arhgghhhghh!!!!!"

He's not bleeding, but he could feel the twisting of his bones inside his flesh, it was bitter than any experience he ever underwent.

"Ahhhh!!!! No!!!!!!!!!!!"

His two legs turned around, bending and squeezing till he became a total cripple with half legs each.

That wasn't all. A portion of fire entered his eyes from Shayla, blinding him completely.

A portion of ice rolled into his ears from Ryker, deadening him for life.

He passed out on the ground, and the partners lowered their hands.

"You'll beg for death always, but even if you eat the most potent poison, death won't come. You'll live like this till you rot alive when the ice in your ears and the fire in your legs collide in your chest, shattering your heart to pieces," Shayla said.

Ryker went to her side, and his arms wrapped around her in a gripping hug, balancing the two auras.

Warm and cold, so soothing.

"It's finally over," Shayla smiled on his shoulder, rubbing his back.

"I know, right?" He replied, licking her neck and kissing the spot.

She chuckled, but when someone cleared her throat behind them, they had to break the hug and look back.

It's Xena, on her knees.

"To say less, I don't even deserve forgiveness from both of you, I declared us enemies with my own mouth, but I just hope I can be pardoned if not now but sometimes in the future. Karma is already dealing with me, and it's not tasteful at all. Please..." She pleaded, nervously picking on her nails.

She couldn't even look up.

Shayla was reluctant at first, but she eventually went down on a squat in front of her.

"I have a soft heart, the most beautiful thing you'd ever get from me. I never held grudges against you, but when you declared us enemies, I agreed because I respected your decision. Also, when you called me a hunt dog, it wasn't hurtful, cos I knew I wasn't one. I'm Shayla, Ryker's only woman, not whatever you say" she said simply.

Xena looked up.

"It's not a must to be friends anymore, I know I already lost your friendship for life, but..."

"We're still friends, but have it in mind that you can only fûck up once. If this repeats, I'll be the one to declare us enemies, and you won't like it, you know." Shayla interrupted.

Xena quickly shook her head. "I dare not, I promise I'm not a jealous bîtch in this lifetime, and I love you so much. I live for your concerts and shows and your pictures are what I decorated my room with. I'm your number one girl fan," Xena said.

Shayla smiled, and Xena's smile broadened as they had a tight hug.

"Finally...she was so scared..." Rumi said behind them.

"Can I really forgive her?" Cheyenne scoffed, and Sage nudged her.

She smiled.

When Xena stood, Ryker already extended an arm to her.

She was confused at first, not until Shayla pushed her forward.

Ryker hugged her with an arm, and she bursted into real tears as she hugged him back.

"I'm so sorry, I'm not worthy of being a sister." She cried.

"Shh, Shayla said she forgave you, so I'm following her lead, but like she said, you can only fûck up once...no chance anymore," Ryker replied.

"I know, and I'll keep that in mind, brother," Xena replied with a hiccup.

Dominika finally smiled.

Mr. And Mrs Pierce were already helped up by the knights, and they both don't even look surprised.

"I expected you both to faint like a certain Lilith that I know," Sage said.

"Since we gave birth to Katherine 26 years ago, we met a seer who told us she's a goddess, but he also told us to not do anything and just let everything play out till she meets her partner. We knew we birthed a goddess," Mrs. Pierce said.

"A seer?" Cheyenne said.

"Who else but me!" Eternus landed proudly in their middle, fanning himself with the foldable fan.

Ryker smiled widely.

"I love Ryker so much, and I had to do my job of keeping his partner's family informed," Eternus winked.

"He's crazy," Shayla grinned.

"Has always been," Ryker smiled again, wider.

"The future is brighter than bright, I see conjugation, I see the nine heavens, Christmas, a child, her name's Lyra." Eternus said.

"This is sweet to hear!" Dominika commented.

Another presence joined them, and they weren't surprised to see Blaise.

"Look who's here!" Rumi smiled.

"We're in the human realm, y'all should be conscious of the amount of powers you use, I was feeling the vibration in my hospital, my hair took me here," Blaise replied.

"Welcome, and I'm sorry about Faye," Xena smiled too.

Blaise nodded. "It is what it is,"

He faced Ryker next, giving him a respectful bow.

"When you saved me from the thunder arena in Luminaria, I knew i was destined to live long, and my life is still yours." He said.

"Your life's yours, Blaise. You owe me nothing," Ryker frowned.

Blaise smiled.

Xena went beside Cheyenne.

Before she could say sorry, Cheyenne beat her to it.

"I don't want to hear sorry from you, I've taught you a lesson that day with the punches I gave you and I'm fine." 

"Thank you!" Xena squealed, looking around at the sea of happy people.

She'd never forget this morning.

--

[One Month Later, Katherine's Dark Universe Arena]

 • Queen Katherine!!

• Murder us!!!

• You're everything I need!!

• Those moves!!!

• Oh my days!!!

• Much love!!!

The capacity of the hall increased by three times, and it still wasn't able to hold the crowd.

They're too much.

It's an open concert this time, everyone's free to take pictures and make videos, so phones filled the arena atmosphere like drones.

Everyone's a VIP, and everyone has a good view of Katherine from wherever they stood inside the hall.

Blaise came with Winona and Kasia who're threatening to burst his eardrums with yells.

They're both jumping on their toes, and he's smiling bright as he watched them both, their happiness rubbing off on him so much.

Soren came with Rumi and Sadie. He's holding Rumi by the waist, and he's occasionally kissing her.

Sadie is just there beside them, carrying Sensei and watching the concert silently.

Her father died in the hospital just last night after she tortured him to her heart's content, and this concert is like the cherry on top.

Xena came with Dominika, they're both behind Blaise.

Xena's head is on her mother's shoulder, and she removed a pillow feather from Blaise's hair at a point.

"Thank you," Blaise looked back.

"It's nothing" she smiled.

"He's handsome, have you ever thought of that?" Dominika whispered beside her.

"Stop, muum." She frowned.

Dominika chuckled.

Lilith came with Jojo her mum, both are at the upper part of the arena.

"I still can't believe my boss is a multi-billionare! Owner of FrostFire? RyLa sold out in two minutes after it came out last month! I'm in heaven! And Katherine is his heavenly partner? Ouu!" She held her chest.

"Being the secretary of the richest man in the world is a flex..." Jojo replied.

"Big flex! I have two cars now, and we have a new house, what more?" Lilith laughed, and Jojo stroked her cheek.

Cheyenne and Sage are standing by the upper railings too.

Mrs. Wyoming and Jenna aren't far from them, and the woman had to carry Jenna on her shoulders since she's not tall enough.

She's the loudest screamer here, and the ribbons in her hair were dangling as her voice rang.

Cheyenne is holding Sage's hand in an interlock, and when Sage's eyes met with Soren's at the base, Soren smiled, and Sage replied with a wink.

Even Eternus is at a corner.

Mercury is present, too.

Mr. And Mrs Pierce are at the close front where they sat caging Ryker in their middle.

The three are all very focused on the stage, none talked.

As Shayla danced her Ophelia ballet performance on stage, her eyes hooked with Ryker's throughout, and his smile didn't disappear for once.

It stayed glued as he watched the most beautiful thing ever.

She gave her best performance yet, his eyes empowered her. She fell into it and became one with it.

Her on stage is magical.

She's wearing a pale pink outfit, and her aesthetic changed a lot, back to her soft girl era, but soft girl with a touch of craziness, for him only.

Her Ophelia dance ended inside the spotlight with her ankles crossed, and the arena erupted with a loud scream, shaking the base.

Ryker took it as his cue to act. 

He carried the bouquet of blue roses and pink flowers he bought, and he climbed the stage.

The screams heightened when he handed her the bouquet, and she took it with a adorable smile.

"Thank you,"

"That was a phenomenal performance, my love. I love you" he replied.

The screams went up again, howls and yells and insane loudness.

The blush that crept to Shayla's cheeks were redder than crimson as she hugged him back.

"I love you, baby." she returned, pulling apart to give him a kiss, deep but short.

Ryker removed her pointe shoes and carried her in his arms immediately.

The screams of the fans followed them to the backstage.

She already signed autographs before the start of the concert, so he's free to have her all to himself.

Even her team wouldn't dare stop him, and as he stepped out of the backstage to the park, their lips connected again, and she pushed his head closer with the bouquet.

Their red threads pulled at their fingers. When they broke the kiss, they looked up at the same time, seeing the divine bright ray of light from the open sky, their smiles mirrored.

They started levitating, getting swallowed bit by bit, by the ray.

They were almost all the way into the brightness when Dominika and the rest rushed out to them.

"It's tonight?" Dominika gasped.

"I suspected it, I swear" Rumi said.

"Shay!" Xena waved.

"Have fun, you both," Mrs. Pierce said with a nod.

"No fights!" Mr. Pierce added.

"Real, no fights.." Cheyenne said.

"I'll miss you, boss, and goddess," Sage smiled.

"You both are their knights, you have the right to go visit them over there once a year," Eternus replied.

"I know, but who'll take care of them over there?" Cheyenne muttered.

"There'll be divine maids, don't be silly" Dominika said.

"Good luck with the ascension, you both" Blaise said.

Till the ray swallowed them completely, Shayla was waving, and Ryker was smiling.

A jewelry fell at Dominika's feet, and she picked it up surprisingly.

It's Ryker's toe ring. The red ruby ring she put on him after birthing him.

She folded her palms on it, smiling as she looked up again.

So far the godslaying sword remains hidden, her duty as the godslayer is on hold. The sword doesn't even seem like it's inexistence anymore.

She feels too fulfilled.

"Cheers to a happy night of fulfillment, drinks everyone?" Rumi stood in front of them all.

"In!!" They chorused, and everyone laughed heartily.

--

[The Conjugation Vale]

The gods travelled past all the Vale of gods till they reached the conjugal point. The bliss deities were already waiting.

Their outfits changed to red dragging robes, long hairs including Ryker's.

Shayla got a new makeover too, and the two got their signs in the middle of their foreheads.

Crystal ice on Ryker's.

Burning fire on Shayla's.

They were glossing with joy as they kowtowed in front of the old deities, and the opening talisman card to the nine heavens was injected into their bodies at the same time.

"Be together, till the dust turns, and till the world ends. Save the helpless when the time is right, and help the needy constantly. The nine heavens door will open once every month, and you can visit your loved ones in the human realm," the deities instructed.

"Thank you, deities." The partners chorused.

That was all, before their bodies travelled again, out of the conjugation vale.

They ascended into the nine heavens.

Sparks followed their flight.

                              --

[Five Years Later, Nine Heavens]

Paradise would be an alternative name for the abode.

Flowers and blue roses surrounded it, pure fog water and tall flower trees with colourful birds singing melodiously in top of them.

There are too many buildings, all white and gold, some are black, though. The special buildings.

Ryker's Phoria, Bamboo Groove, Red pavilion. Everything's here too.

Even the Pink Island.

The fire and ice palace are beside each other, moved here already.

Servants in white are walking the grounds, hurrying to get their duties done when a pretty little girl ran out of the Fire Palace.

Her right eye is blue like Ryker's, and her left eye is gold like Shayla's. 

She's got insanely long hair like Shayla's, pale skin like Ryker's, cutely small hands and feet like Shayla's, and long lashes.

She's like an angel alive, and her robe and hair was flowing with the air as she ran with an embroidered handkerchief in hand and laughter on her lips.

Lyra, their only daughter.

"Ma! Pa!" She shouted, voice tiny.

The servants were quickly making way as she ran, the little scent purse on her waist dangling.

"Sweetheart!" Shayla's motherly voice made her stop, turning right.

In the Pink Island, Shayla sat on Ryker's laps, both stargazing.

"Ma, look! I found an embroidered handkerchief at the lawn!" She pointed it forward.

Ryker took it from her, then he gave Shayla a knowing smiley glance.

It's the handkerchief he gave her to wipe her tears that year after Lilith tried to hurt her in the beast forest.

"Somehow, it found it's way back to me just like the bracelet did" Shayla smiled, taking it from him.

"Pa, you both know who owns it?" Lyra asked with a blink.

"It used to belong to me, then your Ma," Ryker replied, stroking Lyra's face lovingly.

She's their whole world, they love her so much than words could write.

The last five years was easier than they expected. Their monthly visit to the human realm helped things.

Whenever they're in the nine heavens like this, Sage and Lilith take care of FrostFire activities, Xena and Cheyenne take care of Shayla's ballet agency and her schedules.

And whenever they visit the human realm, everything plays out easily.

Ryker's showcases and Shayla's concerts. Their wealth is longer than can calculated right now.

Networth uncountable.

They're heavily blessed.

"It's Christmas tomorrow, didn't you say we were going to have our monthly visit to the human realm today? I badly want to see Granny Dominika and my Grandparents Pierce, and Jenna, and aunties Xena and Rumi, also the knights and Eternus" Lyra said.

She's a talkative, obviously like her mother.

"Are you ready?" Shayla carried her.

"Yes!!" She screamed.

Ryker took her from Shayla, swaying her so hard she laughed till she starting panting and her eyes glowed gorgeously, the different colour so beautiful to watch.

"You ready, darling?" Ryker asked.

"Yes!!" She screamed again.

The main gate opened, and the wind chime by Shayla's palace door rang like a bell, signifying it's time for their departure

As they stepped out of the gate to go celebrate Christmas in the human realm, the gate closed, softly, Lyra's laughter filled the air.

THE END.
