19/11/2025, 18:40 - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. Only people in this chat can read, listen to, or share them. Learn more.
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: NEW STORY ALERT ‼️ 

❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
 GENRE 
 - Highschool romance 

 TAGS
 -Billoniares, - Love triangle  -Weak female lead - Rivals - Friendship -Repentance - Bully  - Elites -Suspense -Illegitimate -Secrets -Revenge  
*
 Synopsis 
.
Paulina Andrew’s, 18-years old teenager tried to adjust in her new world, after her life takes a toll that she never dreamed of. 
 She lived humbly with her single mother in a small village and was satisfied; they made a living by fishing, and managed to make ends meet. She never imagined what a luxurious life would look like, she only dreamed of living with her mother forever. But her life takes a drastic turn after the sudden disappearance of her mother. 
 A strange knock on the door opened an entire new world for her. She was introduced to a family she never imagined, a father she never knew existed, a conglomerate family she never thought of being a part in, an entire new world. 

  It was difficult for her to adjust in her new home with a father who only listens to his wife,  a stepmother who could do anything to save her political career, and the worse was her half-sister sister, Ava, who is determined to make her life miserable at home  and at school. 

 To spice up her already miserable life, she was enrolled in a new school - a school where students are classified based on hierarchy. There she  entangled with Micheal Russ, the leader of the infamous group known as MASS - an alliance made up of Michael, Austin, Stanley, and Steven: sons of multibillionaires.  Michael was engaged to Ava bond by a merger between the two families; although neither of them wanted the engagement, but their families’ decision was final. When Paulina became close to Michael, Ava became determined to fight for him - a determination that made led to unexpected twists and turns in Paulina’s life. 

*
*
 Short prologue brought out of the story.***
*

 Michael kissed Paulina, and she opened her mouth to kiss back before she pushed him away after realizing what she was doing, and ran off.
 Michael bites his lips in frustration before going after her. 

   “Lina, where are you running off to when we will still meet at school tomorrow?” He shouted, and she stopped on her track to look at him. 
    
   “This isn’t right, Mike.” She muttered, and he walked closer to her. 
     
    “What isn’t right? The kiss, or you running off after a passionate kiss?”
    
    “Everything! You are engaged to Ava!”

    “So?” He muttered, and she looked at him. 

     “Mike…”. She shuddered. 

   “I make the rules, Lina. I go after what I want, and I get it either the easy or hard way. From now henceforth, you are mine. We’re a couple now, so never run off like that again.” He said, and dragged her close to him smashing his lips on hers, and they kissed passionately like their lives depend on it. 
*
  How will Paulina win against her half-sister?
 Will Mike be able to fight for feelings when his future was at stake?
 Can love conquer it all?
  What’s behind Paulina’s mother sudden disappearance?
.
  Let’s find out all and more in this roller coaster 🤭
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER ONE.1️⃣.

          ❣️❣️ Her new family ❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 The weather was dark and cloudy; Paulina checked the  wall clock to confirm the time for the fifth time and realized that it’s still 6 in the evening, and the cloud was already covered in darkness. Anyone could think it’s past midnight, and she panicked gazing outside the window with hopes that her mother doesn’t get drained in the rain. 

  Thunder strikes, followed by heavy rain fall, and she ran to the living room to place a pail under the licking zinc.  She let out a shallow sigh wondering when her mother would be back from the market where she sells fishes. She couldn’t accompany her because she had a long day at school, and an assignment to finish working on so her mother insisted that she return home straight after school to take care of her own business. But now she started regretting her decision to agree with her. 
    
   “I should have gone to her, I would’ve been able to persuade her to leave before the rain pours.” She thought, and started blaming herself. 

  She dialed her mother’s number but it was out of reach, as expected the village never have accurate service. She wandered around the  living room for hours already scared, and started thinking of raising an alarm when she heard a knock on the door. Obviously, it wasn’t her mother so she hurried to open the door wondering if whoever was there have a message to deliver to her from her mother. 

 She opened the door and was stunned to see two dazzling strangers that are obviously not from their village or the neighboring village. 
*
 She offered a glass of water each to them, and the woman looked at the dropping water followed by a smirk. 
Paulina instantly knew that her presence wasn’t a pleasant one. But what could such a sophisticated woman, in company of a man who might be likely her bodyguard want in their humble home if she didn’t knock at the wrong door. 

   “Good evening, madam. I don’t know you, and I doubt if you knew me either. I welcomed you in because I felt it’s impolite to question you in the rain.” She started, and the woman chuckled - which likely means she wasn’t there by mistake, but she had an unfriendly business to discuss. 

    “You are so kind… just like your mother.” The woman said, and Paulina looked at her immediately, wondering how she knew her mother. 

   “How did you know my mother?” She asked, and the woman chuckled softly. 

   “Paulina Andrew’s, right?” The woman asked, and the man gave her a file that contains her biography. 

    “You… you… you run a background check on me?” She shuddered already scared. “Who are you?” She shouted, and stood up ready to alert the neighbors. 

   “Relax, darling. You should be more concerned about your mother. It’s past her regular time to return home, and the rain is pouring heavily. Any accident could occur.” She said, scaring Paulina more. 

   “What are you talking about? My mother is probably still at the market waiting for the rain to subside before leaving.” 

  The woman chuckled, and shakes her head. “I see… you don’t even have a tv, how can you be updated?” She teased, and the man gave Paulina a tablet.  

 Before she could look at the screen, she heard a hard knock on the door, and the door opened even before she could respond to it - to deliver her nightmare. 

   “Pauli, is your mother home?” Ms. Rena their neighbor asked. 
.
  Ms. Rena and Paulina’s mother sells fishes in the market together, and they always leave home and return back together everyday. 
 .
   “Ms. Rena, I’m supposed to ask you. You and mum are supposed to be together.” 

   “Oh, God. I left her at the market when my son came down with fever, I had to take him to the hospital and your mother promised to help me pack.”

    “Oh… she isn’t home yet. She is probably stranded at the market because of the rain.”
     
    “Nooooo… people saw her leave the market, and the next bus had an accident, your mo…-“

    “What?” Paulina cut in. “My mother was involved in an accident ? Don’t joke around Ms. Rena, you left my mother at the market and she couldn’t leave because of the rain. Nothing happened to my mother.” 

    “She got on the bus, Paulina. And there was an accident.” Ms. Rena cried. 

    “Noooooooooooo….” Paulina wailed, and Ms. Rena failed to console her. 
*
  They went to the accident scene, and they couldn’t confirm her mother’s body. The accident was very fatal that most of the victims body were burnt down. 

  They couldn’t find her mother’s body but they were able to recognize her because a bracelet she always had on. Paulina didn’t know the history behind the bracelet, all her mother told her was that it was the last gift she received from her mother, and promised to give it to her after highschool. 

    “Mummmm…”. She cried, and took the bracelet. 

    “This is your mother’s bracelet.” Those around said. 

   “Nooooooo…. Mummy….”  She cried. 
*
  She was escorted back home by the strangers, and met the living room flooded - the pail under the licking zinc fell but she couldn’t even do anything. Her head was blank, wishing that everything was a nightmare that she would wake up from. 

    “Darling, your mother is gone, but you aren’t alone. You have a family that have been searching for you all these years.” The woman said, and Paulina stared at her blankly. 

   “Take a look at this.” She said, and the man dropped pictures on the table. 

  Different pictures of her mother while she was younger, with a man. They both look happy in the pictures, and her mother looked different - she was all dressed up. 

   “Your father is waiting for you.” The woman said, and Paulina looked at her. 
     
   “My father…”. She whispered, talking for the first time since they left the accident scene. 

     “Yes, darling. Your father.” The woman said, and the man with her gave Paulina a DNA test result which showed 99.9999999999% matched of the two sample tested. 

   “Your mother left when she was pregnant with you, and your father has searched endless for you. Who knows that you existed somewhere in this small village.” The woman said, and Paulina looked at her. 

   “You. Who are you?” She asked. 

   “Your new mother.” The woman replied all smiles. 
*
STANFORDS’ MANSION***
*
 Paulina alighted from the fancy car, and looked around the mansion that the car pulled over. Her mother was gone, she had no other family so accepting the new family that came to find her was a blessing to her, but to top it  all, her supposed new family are Billoniares. She glanced around blankly wondering the kind of life waiting for her in the new world she found herself within a blink of an eye. 

    “Come inside, darling.” The woman said, and gestured a maid to collect her luggage- a small bag that contains most of her things, and the valuables her mother left behind. 
*
  She trailed behind the woman, as they emerged into the paradise in disguise of a house. 

  The woman asked her to wait behind, and she took her time to look around before the woman returned with a man - the man in the picture with her mother. 

    “Who… who’s she?” The man asked, and her face fell - her supposed father didn’t even know of her existence. 

    “Happy birthday, honey. This was the birthday present I was preparing for you, so it came late. Meet Paulina, your daughter with Charlotte.” The woman said, and his eyes widen. 

    “My… daughter?” The man shuddered

 Obviously he never knew she existed, so something was wrong somewhere. It only means that her stepmother was the one who knew about her existence and brought her here, but for what reason? Was she just being kind?

  A lot of questions run on her mind, but she decide to ignore it all, because she could never find an answer by thinking about it. 

   “That bracelet… you’re truly Charlotte’s daughter.” The man said, and she touched her bracelet before looking at him. 

   “Don’t be dramatic, there are a lot of time for that. Paulina, you should freshen up first.” The woman said, and gestured a maid to escort her away. 
*
  Paulina was escorted to the most beautiful and elegant room she could never dream of. She took her time to look around and opened the wardrobe that was already filled with clothes and other necessities. 

   “You can call me if you need anything, ma’am.” The maid said. 

   “Wait! Someone collected my luggage when I arrived, do you know where she kept it?” She asked, and the maid shook her head. 

    “No ma’am, but I’ll help you ask around.”

    “Ok, thank you.” 
*
  She took her time to look around, and started wishing her mother was there. After wailing for few minutes, she went to freshen up when a maid came to fetch her, and she was escorted to a different living room; there her supposed father and stepmother were. 

    “You now look like a Stanford now, come take a seat darling.” The woman said, and she nodded before she obliged. 

    “Well… I didn’t introduce myself properly earlier, I’m Grace Packard Stanford, and as I said earlier, I’m your new mother, and he is chairman Paul Stanford, your father. But that’s only going to be between us.” Ms. Grace said, and Paulina looked at her. “You are an illegitimate daughter of my husband past affair that we just knew of, and you recently lost your mother which means we are your only family now. So, in order to save the face of this honorable family, and also shield yourself from scandals, you are going to remain Paulina Andrew, a pitiful teenager we adopted after the tragic passing of her mother.” She added, and passed a document to Paulina. “Sign that, my husband signature is already there as a sign of his approval.” 

   Paulina looked at Ms. Grace, and her supposed father who avoided eye contact with her since she got there. 

    “Ma’am, may I ask why you came looking for me? I doubt if my father knew of my existence as you claimed.” She said, and her father looked at her - his expression was blank and unreadable. 

    “Because you could be a barrier in my election. I’m running for mayor, my husband having an illegitimate child would banter my election, so it’s best I’ve my weakness under control. Is that enough to answer your question?” Ms. Grace replied, and Paulina stared at her speechlessly. “I’m impatient, darling. Let’s make this quick.”

    “What if I don’t sign this? What if I want to return back home?”
    
     “This is your new home now, home is where your family are. We’re your new family now. Even if you leave now, you can’t cause me much problems, but you could also save yourself and grab this new home. Many people would love to be in your shoes. I won’t bother you, neither would I protect you. You aren’t existing to me, but I want you under my watch. It’s a win-win for the both of us, darling. Even your father isn’t against it. Don’t act all righteous, it’s not like you have any other choice.” Ms. Grace said. 

  Paulina sniffed in, and looked at them before picking the pen. Ms. Grace was right, it’s not like she had any other choice. 

    “Good girl. Now we can live as one big happy family. Welcome to the family, darling.” Ms. Grace said, and stretched her hand for a shake. 

  Paulina hesitated for a while before accepting it. Ms. Grace was right, they are families now. 
*
 Paulina tossed and turned on her bed thinking of how her life would be in the house where she doesn’t seem to belong - a nonchalant father who allow his wife have her way, and a stepmother that is willing to do anything for her political career. While thinking about it all, she was thankful that there was no stepbrother or stepsister, otherwise her new world would be fit for a fairytale. She was still deep in thoughts when she heard a knock on the door - a maid was outside to escort her to the dinning hall. 

 She arrived at the large dinning hall, and met her new family there, words couldn’t describe her shock when she saw a girl about her age seated in the dinning as well - now she is living in a fairy tale. 

   “Mum, who is she?” The girl blurted. . 

    “Ava, be nice. She is the one I told you about, your sister.”

    “What sister? This must be a joke, mum.” Ava shouted, and Paulina bite her lips nervously. 

    “Paulina, darling. Take the seat, next to Ava.” Ms. Grace said, and Ava glared at her. 

     “Mum, you can’t be serious. First, you made me return from England, and now you are introducing me to a sister?” 

    “Ava, maintain the dinning rule.” Chairman Stanford muttered. 

    “Dad, what were you doing when she brought in this?”

    “Ava, she is same age as you, so help her adjust properly.” Ms. Grace said. 

    “Is this why you ask me to return? To help dad’s illegitimate daughter fit in?”

    “I ask you to return so I can keep a close watch on you, I don’t want you to act careless in England and ruin things for me. My competitors are not joking at all. That’s why you will also help Paulina adjust, just until the election is over. Then… you can return freely to England if you want to.” 

    “You take care of your election, I’m not obligated to anything.” Ava shouted and hit Paulina, sending her to the ground before leaving in anger. 

    “Help yourself up, darling.” Ms. Grace said, all smiles. 

   Paulina managed to get up, and started wondering how she would survive in that house. 

   “I already work your transfer to a new school. Holland High. Only few people are privileged to attend the school because it’s meant for conglomerates only. Welcome to your new world, darling.” Ms. Grace said, and Paulina looked at her. 
**
**
  Paulina arrived at school, and all eyes fell on her. Thanks to Ava who pushed her out of the car to stain her uniform, she stand out. 

  She blinked her lashes nervously and bite her lips wondering how to attend classes on her first day in her stained uniforms. She was lost in thoughts looking at all the disgusting glare sent at her. 

   👤”Who’s she?”
    👤”When do peasants get to attend our school?”
  👤”I thought only one scholarship student is accepted per session.”
   👤”Gosh, I gotta transfer or she leaves.”

  The students murmured, and some started taking pictures and videos of her. 

    “Gosh, you stink. Change to that.” Ava said, and threw some clothes at her. 

   👤”Oh, my. It’s Ava.”
   👤”Ava Stanford is back.”
   👤”Ava is back.” 

  The students shouted, and started forming a circle around them. 
*
  Paulina looked around before  bending down to pick the clothes, and Ava stepped on her. 

    “There… that’s where you belong, you belong under my feet. So know your place.” Ava blurted, and the students gasped and started taking videos. 

   The hallway suddenly became silent, and everyone started to pave way. The only person  that could make that possible was Michael Russ, the leader of MASS and also the owner of the school. 

  Fours boys emerged the hallway walking majestically until they got to the scene, and Ava glared at them. 

   “Ouwww… Ava is back.” Austin, one of the MASS said, and Michael stared at her emotionless. 

    “Pave way.” He muttered, his voice soft but commanding. 

    👤”What’s going to happen now?“
    👤”Do you think Ava would pave way for Mike?”
    👤”Of course he is Michael, the only son of chairman Russ, and the owner of the school. Why won’t she?”
    👤”They used to be close in first year.”
   👤 “She was his ex.” 

   “Why is it getting noisy here?” Michael lashed, and everyone kept mute. 

     “Ava, why don’t you wrap this up and grab some snacks with us before attending class.  We could skip the first class.” Austin said, and Ava glared at him taking him aback. “Oops, I take that back.” He muttered, and winked at her. 

   Micheal walked closer to her with just few inches gap between them, while Paulina sobbed silently on the floor wishing she could teleport away from there. 

   “What’s going on here?” A teacher asked approaching them, and all the students dismissed, excluding the MASS, Ava, and Paulina who is still weeping with Ava foot on her. 

    “Oh…. Mr. Russ, Miss Stanford, the both of you can continue your conversation later, class already started. And Miss Stanford you still have to complete your transfer paperwork.” The teacher said. 

  They both ignored rye teacher glaring at each other while Paulina weeped silently, wondering if she was invisible to them. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER TWO. 2️⃣ 

        ❣️❣️Class and staus ❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 Paulina had the most hectic dinner then returned to her room and a maid trailed behind her with her uniform. A peek at the uniform already tell that Ms. Grace wasn’t exaggerating about the school, and she started doubting if she actually belongs there. 
*
  She woke up the following day after dreaming  about her regular day back at home with her mother, the dream felt so real that she broke down in tears when she woke up. 

  She put herself together before going to freshen up and prepared for school. 

  A maid came to escort her to have breakfast, leading the way to a different dinning room. Paulina wondered why the house was that big and complicated with too many duplicate. If no one was escorting her, she could likely get lost. She got there and met her stepmother who welcomed her with a smile - she seems to be the only one who cared about her existence, although she has foul intentions. 

   “Good morning, ma’am.” She greeted. 
     
    “Morning darling, hope you slept well and enjoyed your first night in a princess world?” She asked, and Paulina chuckled shallowly - she would rather not wake up. 
     
   “I did, ma’am.”

    “Good. I stayed back to inform you that you would ride with Ava to school. Have a nice time at school.” With that she left. 

  Ava got downstairs, and Paulina contemplated before joining her. 

    “Good morning, Ava. Your mother said I would be riding with you to school.”

    “You are so audacious.” Ava blurted, and a message beeped into her phone from her mother. 

  💬*Behave, baby. I’ve an eye on you.* it reads and she scoffed. 

   “Which of you is spying on me?” She shouted, and the few maids around flinched. “I wish I could just tear you into pieces, but I gotta give you a ride anyways.” She blurted, and left while Paulina trailed behind her. 
*
  The car was already close to Holland High when Ava ordered the driver to stop. 

   “Something stinks.” She said. 

   “I’m going to spare the freshener again, madam.” The driver said. 

     “I don’t think it’s from the air.” She blurted, and alighted from the car. 

   She opened the door to the passenger’s seat that Paulina was seated, and asked her to come down. 

  Paulina looked at her wondering if they were going to walk to school before she obliged. 

    “I believe the smell is coming from there.” Ava said, and pushed her to the ground. “The school is few blocks from here, see ya.” With that she returned to the car and the driver drove off.  

  Paulina helped herself up, and started dusting her uniform, but the stain didn’t come off because the ground was still wet from rain. 
    
   “How am I supposed to go to school with this stain? And I can’t even walk back home.” She cried. 
*
 HOLLAND HIGH SCHOOL ***
*
  After the hectic moment, the MASS walked past Ava, and Ava kicked Paulina before leaving. 

   “You should avoid getting into trouble.” Was all the teacher said before leaving, and Paulina started wondering what kind of school that was. 
*
  She found her way to the bathroom and tried to wash off the stains from her uniform but it didn’t come off. The clothes Ava threw at her were already torn and she started sobbing thinking of how to carry on that day. 

    “Hey, you can change into this and avoid Ava and the MASS for the rest of the school year.” A girl said, and gave Paulina a uniform. 

    “What is mass?” Paulina managed to ask. 

   “What? You don’t know MASS? They are a group of friends, Micheal Russ, Austin Wilson, Stanley Hewlett, and Steven Hearst. How come you don’t know them?” The girl gasped. 

    “I’m a new student.”

    “Even still.… everyone in California knows them. They are the sons of elites billionaires, the heir to trillions of wealth. They rule this school.”

    “Why must I avoid them?” She muttered, and the girl gasped trying to hid in laughters. 

    “I’ll tell you all you have to know about them  later, not just them but Holland high. It’s not just a school to study, we are in a heist to survive. We can’t meet in the open because I don’t know why Ava bullied you earlier, so let’s meet at the cafeteria rooftop during recess. Don’t say hi if we meet outside, for my sake at least. Because I’ve to be saved to be able to save you.” The girl rushed her words and hurried out, but stopped when she got to the exit. “I’m Sophia by the way, Sophie. But that doesn’t make us friends.” With that she hurried out. 

 Paulina let out a sigh wondering how she is going to survive a day at school. 
*
  She changed into the uniform that Sophia gave her; although it didn’t fit properly, but it’s better than a stained uniform. 

  She found her way to the principal’s office, and was given all the necessities, before he introduced her to a teacher that escorted her to her class - supreme class. 

 The teacher lead her to the elevator and they stopped in a floor that looks different from the others, there was a lock in a slide door, and the teacher had to use her ID card to scan it open, and also taught her how to scan with her ID as well. 

The teacher went in to announce her presence before summoning her in, and she entered the modest classroom, the classroom can’t be referred to as a classroom in her world - there were comfortable seats. She couldn’t take her time to look around when she realized that she was supposed to introduce herself. 

    “What? She is in our class?” A girl shouted. 

    “I thought she was a peasant.” A boy blurted. 

    “Class, please, let’s allow her introduce herself.” The teacher said, and gestured her to go ahead. 

     “Good morning, class. I’m Paulina Andrew.”

     “Andrew?” A boy repeated. 

    “Search that name up.” A girl said, and all the students started pressing their computers. 

    “Hun hun, Ms. Andrew, please go take your seat.” The teacher said. 

    “Hey, who the f¥ck are those Andrew’s’.? I can’t find anything on them.” A boy shouted, and others started supporting him. 

   “Who are you and how did you get privileged to this class?” A boy asked, and blocked her path. 

    “Everyone, she is a new student so help her feel welcome.” With that the teacher left. 

    “Guys, why don’t we get to know her first. No peasant can access this floor, not to mention our class.” A girl said, and everyone nodded. 

     “I don’t know who you are, but I hope you aren’t just lucky and actually belong here.” The boy blocking her path said, and returned to his seat. 
 
   Paulina wobbled on her feet to the vacant seat, and everyone started chattering, but the chatters subside when the MASS entered the class. 

    “Oh, she is in our class?” Austin said, and they all looked at her expect Micheal who continued on his way to his seat. 

    “What gibberish school is this?” Paulina thought and placed her head on her desk. 
*
  The classes went on, and Paulina wondered how they receive lectures in the school - the teachers just come to class and reference them to a text book or a link online. Each teacher did the same till its recess and she stood up to leave in a hurry, but she bumped into the one everyone respects - Micheal Russ. 

    “Are you blind?” Austin shotted. 

    “I’m… I’m sorry.” She shuddered. 

    “Do you think your apology worths anything?” Stanley shouted. 

    Micheal glared at her and hit his shoulder against hers to continue on his way. 
 
    “That girl got guts.” Austin said. 

    “She was the one in the scandal with Ava this morning.” Stanley said. 

      “We know.” Austin blurted. 

     “Michael, why are you awfully quiet today?” Stanley asked. 

    “Are you blind? Can’t you see that Ava is back? Considering the history between them, how do you expect him to be?” Austin lashed. 
*
  Paulina went to the rooftop, and met Sophia there waiting for her. 

     “Sophie.” She called, and Sophia fell on her knees immediately. “Sophie, are you ok?” She asked worriedly and hurried to her. 

    “I’ve sinned against you, please I plead for mercy. Forgive me.” Sophia cried. 
     
    “What did you mean? It’s me, Paulina. You gave me your uniform.”

    “Who am I to give you my tattered uniform? I should have removed this neat one for you instead, no, I should have ordered a new one for you. Oh, my. I’m sorry, now can I make up for this?” She cried, confusing Paulina. 
*
  Paulina managed to make her stop crying, and they both sat down before she explained to Paulina the reasons behind the sudden outburst, it was because she realized that she belonged to the supreme class. 
   
    “Are there different kind of classes again?” She asked already exhausted, and Sophia gasped. 

    “How come you don’t know and you are in the class? Who are your family? What’s your name? Are you new in this planet?”

   “Too many questions. Which should I answer first? But I rather answer none. You wanted to tell me something about some boys, and request we meet here.”
    
     “Yes, your royal majesty. I was going to tell you about the MASS. Am I permitted to speak freely?” Sophia asked bowing her head. 

    “Quit this, Sophie. You are making me uncomfortable.”
     
    “Oh no, oh no. I can’t dare such.” Sophia said, and Paulin let out a sigh. 

    “Sophie.” She called, and Sophia composed herself. 

    “The MASS… I already introduced them to you earlier, I mean I told you their names. Micheal Russ is the youngest CEO in California, he became the managing director of Yikes Enterprise at age 12, and he is currently the director of this school. Unlike other teenagers, Michael have been running his father business since childhood, rumors have it that he attended his first board meeting at age 5, and served as an intern in their company in New York when he was 10. Well… what do we expect, he is the only son of billionaire, Leonard Russ. I heard that he will be inaugurated as the chairman after high school.” She said, and Paulina’s eyes widened in bewilderment. 

    “Wow.” Was the only word that escaped her mouth. 

    “And Austin Wilson is the only son of Grayson Wilson, he has three elder sisters and they are all married to elites. His eldest sister is married to a prince from England, his immediate sister is married to a prime minister in Thailand, and his last sister is married to the only son of Dowan’s Groups - they are a prestigious family of lawyers, the chairman is a retired judge, his wife is a retired prosecutor, and their only son is a famous lawyer and also the director of Dowan’slaw firm. They also own a law school and the chairman was also the former mister of Justice. Austin is also a rare gem in his own realm, he is the master behind the school basketball, he has won different trophies for the school, and he has also represented the country in basketball tournaments, he is the only heir to Will’s Group. A large group comprises of many flourishing companies.” She said, and Paulina looked at her astonished. 

    “Wow.” She muttered again. 

    “As for Stanley Hewlett, he is a born genius. The brain of mathematics, and cybersecurity. He never failed any maths competition, and he can hack into any connected device. He is a genius, and also the third son of King’s Group. His family own the best hotel in California, King’s lounge, and also an airport and many shopping malls.” She said, and Paulina nodded. 

    “What about the last?” She asked. 
    
    “Oh, Steven Hearst? I know nothing much about him. He is the most discreet among the MASS and nobody dares to pry. He barely talk, and I doubt if he is good at anything. Rumors have it that he is from an infamous mafia family. Trust me, you don’t know want to get on his bad side.” She said, and Paulina nodded. 

    “How come you knew all these?” Paulina asked. 

    “That’s not a question. Oh, mind my speech, pardon me but everyone knows. If you are a student of this school, you must know all that. It’s mandatory if you want to survive. Who am I to talk, you are also one of them. But why was Ava bullying you earlier?”

    “Ava?” Paulina repeated confused on what to say. 
     
    “Yes. Don’t you know Ava  Stanford, the only daughter of billionaire Paul Stanford. The chairman of First Group. Her mother is currently campaigning for mayor, her grandfather was a former prime minister. Ava is very scary, back then in middle school we usual add her group to the MASS to form MASSALAR.”

     “MASSALAR?”

    “ALAR stands for Ava, Lia, Alicia, and Rae. They were the queen bees during first year. They are very close to the MASS so we joined them together. Ava was dating Michael then, but rumors have it that she broke up with Micheal and flee abroad. Now that she is back, it’s gonna get more hectic. Everyone has to be on their toes.” 

     “Oh… so she is that scary.”

     “More than scary. No scholarship student ever survived a semester when we were in middle school. They either transfer or drop out. Many even tried to commit suicide. I heard she was also infamous at her school I. England as well, I wondered why she returned.”
    
    “And you? Why are you so scared of them?”

    “Gosh, everyone is. Even those in the supreme class are, not to talk of me in the regular class.”

     “I wonder why there are different class?” Paulina grumbled. 
    
    “That’s because everyone has different class outside, so the school also try to maintain same status. We have the regular class, middle class, and supreme class.”

    “Middle class?”
    
    “Middle class are for those that can’t make it to the supreme class, there are mostly children of investors, and high share holders in the school. They are be billionaires that surpassed the regular class, but they aren’t fit for the supreme class, so there is a different class for them. And the regular class are for those that could afford the tuition, but the school cared less about our existence. Our status is the necessary to earn us  admission.There are differences in our ID card, the middle class and supreme class has an OR code in their ID card that can give them access to all floors, but the middle class can’t access the supreme class floor. Let me see your ID card.” She said, and collected Paulina’s ID card. “Oh, I’ve always wanted to touch this.”

   “Let me see yours.” Paulina said, and she gave her the card. The only difference was the OR code she mentioned, then she realized why the teacher was teaching her how to use it. 
   
   “This is sooooo beautiful. I wlways wish to touch one before I graduate. This is a fulfillment.” She said kissing it, and Paulina let out a sigh. 

   “So there are three different class in this school.” Paulina muttered, and Sophia looked at her. 

   “Yes, babe. Welcome to Holland High where every student maintains their class, and those who try to cross the line learn the hard way. Oh, I forgot to mention the bottom class.” 

    “Bottom class?”

    “Only one student belong to that class in a session. That  means, we only have a bottom student among us so there is no separate class for them, but they know their place. They are scholarship students. Since the school couldn’t design a separate class for them, their uniform is different, they have a different type of collar and even their custom, for us to recognize them.” 

    “Oh… so you belong to the regular class.”

   “Yes. My family own a shopping mall, and few department stores, so how could I compete for a class? I always thought my family were welloff while growing up, but when I get  admitted into holland, I realized that I still have a long way to go. And you, who are you? You are able to make it to the supreme class, and got bullied on your first day.” Sophia asked, and Paulina looked at her at loss. 

   “Who am I?” She thought. 
**
**
  Chairman Stanford got to his office, and his head secretary Mr. John went to him. 

    “Sir, I’ve news for you. Ms. Charlotte is d£af, she was involved in an accident.” 

    “I know.” The chairman muttered, and his secretary looked at him. “Grace told me, and she brought my daughter home as well. What are you doing John? How come Grace found them before you?” He shouted. 

    “I’m sorry, sir.”

    “Sorry can’t take responsibility for this, I’ve to protect my daughter from Grace, but now it’s too late. I’ll have to dance to her tone.” He grumbled with clenched fist. 

  He excused his secretary later, and took a picture from his cabinet. 

    “Even till the end, Charolette, I failed to protect you, and our daughter.” He muttered, sniffing silently. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 Class… 🤔
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER THREE. 3️⃣ 

        ❣️❣️The invitation❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 <<>>YEARS AGO>>>>
*
   Three children were climbing up the mountain, their families went hiking together and the children were no expectations. 12-year old Paul Stanford, 11-year old Grace Packard, and 12-year  Louis Crocker.  The Stanfords’, Packards’ and Crockers’ are all friends united by the interest they got from each other. The Stanford’s are the owner of First Group, one of the top 3 groups in California, and top 10 group in America. The Packards’ are a politician’s family, they have high positions in politics and a lot of connections around the world, while the Crockers’ are medical professionals; the family own a lot of hospitals and their children are all trained to be medical experts. The three families bond have grown for decades, which unite their children as friends. They hang out together often to have fun, and chatter the stress away. 
*
  The children were struggling to climb up, and Paul was fast ahead of them. 

    “Hey, Paul, why are you so fast?” Louis shouted, already exhausted. 

   “You should try to be fast yourself rather than complaining.” Grace teased. 

    “Hey guys, I’m here.” They heard a familiar voice shouting, and they turned to see their friend - 10_year old Charlotte Flood. 

  The Floods’ are high influenced family and the owner of FD Group. Charlottes grandfather is infamous as a notorious businessman, and his son also follows same steps. Her parents are barely home, and she attends same school as the other three children which made them close, and they hang out together often. 
*
   “Hey, Charlotte. Wait there, I’ll get you.” Paul said, and started climbing down. 

    “What? You are climbing back? She could just follow behind.” Grace complained. 

    “Paul, I’m closer, I’ll get her instead.” Louis said, and started climbing down too. 

    “What? Even you?” Grace shouted. 

     “Who is going to get Charolette first?” Paul shouted, and they started rushing. 

     “Be careful guys, I could actually climb up myself.” Charlotte said. 

     “Heyyyyyy… I just heard a strange sound.” Grace screamed scaring the others. 

  Paul missed his step, and started rolling down from the mountain. 

    “Nooooo…. Paul.” They all shouted. 
*
*
 <<<<<BACK TO PRESENT>>>>>
*
 HOLLAND HIGH SCHOOL ***
*
  Ava went to the cafeteria, and three girls went to join her. 

   “What?” She muttered looking up at them - they are her friends - Lia, Alicia, and Rae. 

    “Don’t you owe us an explanation?” Lia said, and the others nodded. 

    “I doubt.” She muttered, and continued her meal, but Rae dragged it away from her. “What?” She shouted, and stood up angrily and the students started to gather. 

   “You suddenly appeared without informing us, you sneaked in on us and we had to find out about your presence from the scandal, do you think that’s fair? Is that how little our friendship worth to you?” Lia fired back. 

   “She even ignored us in class.” Rae blurted. 

   “What are you girls saying? I know you’d accept me no matter how bad my entrance was.” Ava said, and they all giggled before embracing her. 

   “We’ve really missed you, Ava.” Alicia whined. 

   “You girls are the only people I missed here.” She muttered, and they all joined her table. 

    “Babe, who was that girl from the scandal, I heard she belongs to the supreme class.” Lia said. 

    “My worst enemy.” Ava muttered with clenched fist. 

     “Is she your family’s rivalry daughter?” Rae asked, and she scoffed. 

    “That would have been better, but she is more of my rival. She could take everything from me if I aren’t careful.”

    “What do you mean?” Alicia asked. 

    “Should we get rid of her?” Lia asked.

    “We’ve to.” Ava muttered, and they all smiled. 

     “I’ve missed you, babe. I’m incomplete without you.” Lia said, and embraced Ava while the others giggled. 

   “You are screwed, Paulina.” Ava thought smiling wickedly. 
**
**
  Paulina was able to escape Sophia question thanks to the bell that giggled to signal the end of recess. 

  They both left the rooftop and Sophia headed to her own class while Paulina took a turn leading to her own class wondering who she really was in that school. 

  She was lost in thoughts when three girls approached her to bring her out of her thoughts. 

    “Hi, I’m Lia, you must be the new student in the supreme class?” Lia said, and she nodded. 

    “Yeah, I’m Paulina.”

    “What a name.” Alicia said, and they all giggled confusing Paulina. 

    “Such a nice ID card you got.” Rae said. 

   “Can I take a look?” Lia asked, and pulled it forcefully. 

    “Arggh..”. Paulina groaned. 

    “Sorry, Paulina Andrew. But I’ve to check this out, and I’m late for class.” With that Rae left. 

     “Wait. My ID.” She shouted, and intend to go after her but the other two blocked her path. 

     “Poor you, she already left with it. But don’t worry, I’ll ensure she returns it.” Alicia mocked. 

     “Gosh, how can you attend classes now? And it’s your first day.” Rae whined. 

     “Maybe there is a class you can attend without the ID access. That’s where you actually belong.” Alicia blurted, and with that they left. 

    “Oh my, what’s this? What do I do now?” She thought. 

  Their system atthe  school was so new to her, that she started doubting if it’s actually a school. 

    “How do they even know me?” She thought and instantly recalled the name, and all the names that Sophia mentioned. “Lia? Then she must be Ava’s friend. What do I do now?” She grumbled. 
*
  She went to the principal to complain about her predicament and the principal let out a heavy sigh before advising her to skip the day class till they retrieve her ID card for her. 

  She left there in disappointment wondering how a principal can’t control students in a school. 

    “This is indeed more than a school.” She thought. 

  She was so lost in her thoughts that she almost bumped into someone, and she looked up to see he is one of the MASS. She didn’t know who he was specifically, but he isn’t the leader, rather one of the disciples. 

    “I’m sorry.” She grumbled, but he ignored her and continued on his way. 

  She let out a sigh and intend to keep walking when she saw a pendant on the floor. 

   “Oh, this must have fell from him.” She muttered and picked it up; turning around to look for him, but he was already gone. “This looks expensive, I will return it to him later.” She thought, and kept it in her bag. 
**
**
  The LAR joined Ava in class, and she looked up at them wondering why they are grinning widely. 

    “What’s new?” She asked. 

     “Guess what, babe?” Lia asked. 

    “Guessing is boring.” She blurted. 

   ““We already put that girl in her place.” Alicia said, and the others giggled. 
      
     “You mean Paulina? What did you do to her?” She asked, her curiosity piqued. 
   
    “We told you we are going to put her where she belongs, and that’s actually what we did.” Rae said.

      “I don’t still get.”

      “TADA!” They all chorused, and Lia showed her the ID card. 

     “What’s this?” She asked. 

      “Paulina’s ID card.” Alicia replied. 

     “Obviously. Why is it with you?” She asked, already irritated. 

     “This will put her in her place.” Lia said. 

      “How is stealing her ID card supposed to put her in her place?” She blurted, and Lia showed her the OR code. 

    “She won’t have access to this class again.” Rae said, and Ava smirked in disgust. 

     “You will be summoned to return that back, so how does that make sense? She could even get another one. Aren’t you thinking?” She blurted, and the girls jaw dropped in awareness. 

     “Miss Lane, you are summoned to the principal’s office.” A teacher announced, and everyone looked at Lia. 
     
     “You see?” Ava lashed, and the girls sighed in annoyance before leaving. 

  Ava let out a sigh in annoyance thinking of the right way to get Paulina out of her life when someone approached her table, she looked up to see its Austin. 

     “Hi, Ava.” 

     “What?” She blurted. 

     “I see you returned in a really bad mood. I thought we were friends, we actually go way back from kindergarten.” 

     “Stop blabbering. What do you want?”

     “I invited you for a meal earlier, but you turned it down. So I’m back to invite you again properly. I guess it was the wrong timing then.”

      “I’ll pass.”

      “You should make up with Mike since you are back. Let’s start a new from a meal. You were our friend too.”

     “Well… too bad, I never considered you guys as friends. So will you leave? I need some air.”

     “That’s harsh. But incase you change your mind, I haven’t changed my contact.” He said and winked at her before leaving. 

     “So annoying.” She grumbled. “Why is everyone annoying today?” She shouted, and the few students around looked at her. “What?” She lashed, and they looked away immediately. 
**
**
 Paulina wandered around in the school, admiring its beauty. She walked around thinking about how difficult her life would become in that school and ended up finding her way to the cafeteria rooftop before she gets lost. 

  She got to the rooftop and saw a student standing very close to the tip like he is about to jump off. She remembered what Sophia told her about attempted suicide, and her eyes wide in shock. 

    “Nooooooo…. Don’t….”  She screamed at the top of her voice and went to drag him forcefully- together they both fell back together. She looked up at whom she saved, and was startled to realize he is one of the MASS - the one she bumped into earlier. “What have I done?” She thought in fear and got up immediately. 

  He glared at her speechless when he stood up and dust his body before leaving. That was when she realized that he must be Steven, the quiet one. EarPods were plugged to his ears that she doubted if he heard her scream earlier. 

  When he was out of sight, she remembered the pendant he dropped earlier and ran after him. 

    “Hey, wait. Mass, Steven.” She called but he didn’t turn around- perhaps he didn’t hear her. 

  She ran faster until she caught up with him, and dragged him, but she fell in the process and he didn’t even make any attempt to hold her. 

    He glared at her like asking her what she wants, and she put herself together before standing up. 

    “I’m sorry, but you dropped something earlier.” She said, and touched her shirt pocket where she kept the pendant but found nothing. “Oh… it was just here. What you dropped. It must have fell off in the rooftop.” She grumbled, and he continued on his way. “That means he could hear me but pretended not to.” She thought. “Hey, I’ll go get it, I must have left it at the rooftop, just wait.” She shouted, but he ignored her. “I should find it first and rerun it some time.” She thought. 

  She hurried back to the rooftop and started searching for the pendant till she found it. 

   “Finally.” She thought. “Who knows, maybe it’s not as important as I thought.” She grumbled before keeping it in her pocket and another thought crossed her mind. “It might not even be for him, it’s a feminine style.” She exclaimed 

  She was about to leave the rooftop when she heard a broadcast requesting her presence in the principal’s office so she went there immediately hoping it’s to get back her ID card. 

  On her way to the principal’s office, Ava blocked her path accompanied by the cheesy girls from earlier, and she flinched. 

   “Here is your ID, be more careful in the future.” Ava said, and gave her the ID card. 

    “Thank you.” She grumbled and collected it in fear. 

     “Girls, got something to say?” Ava blurted. 

    “We’re sorry.” They chorused, and Paulina doubt the sincerity behind their apology. 

     “Their apology might not sound sincere, but they mean it. Seizing your ID card is a very lousy game. I really wish I could get rid of you, but since it might jeopardize my mum election, we should get along till it’s over.” Ava said, and Paulina looked at her doubting her words. 
    
    “Yeah. Since you are cool with Ava, we should get along as well.” Lia said. “What do you think girls?” She asked. 

    “Yeah, yeah.” They chorused sarcastically. 

    “Thank you, I’ll be on my way now.” She said, and intend to leave but Lia dragged her back. 

   “‘Not too fast, honey.” Lia said, and Paulina flinched in fear. 

    “What…” She shuddered. 

   “There is gonna be a party at my place tomorrow night to celebrate Ava’s return. You should be there, no, you must be there to prove that we are cool.” Lia said, and Paulina looked at her. 

    “I don’t like parties, but we are cool. So I’ll pass.” 

    “You don’t have to like parties, you just have to be there.” Ava said a little intimidating, and she started wondering what they plan to do to her at that party. 
*
  When school dismissed, Paulina was walking down the hallway, and a hand dragged her - it was Sophia, and they both went to the cafeteria rooftop together. 

    “What? Lia’s party?” Sophia shouted. 

    “I really have a bad feeling about it.”

    “What nonsense? It’s a privilege to get to attend her party. What am I saying? Everyone in the supreme class are privileged to attend.”

    “There is class in parties as well?” 

    “Of course. I always wanted to attend, but here you are with the free access. You are in the supreme class, and you are personally invited by Lia. You should go, you should be there.” 
 
    “But I really have a bad feeling about that party.” She grumbled. 

   “You have to get your hair done before then. Oh… it’s tomorrow night, you don’t have enough time to prepare.” Sophia said, and Paulina looked at her. She expected nothing much from her to begin with. 

    “What will happens if I don’t attend the party?” 

   “Nothing, precisely. But since you were personally invited by Lia, you could get on her bad side and trust me that will do you no good.” Sophia said, and Paulina became silent, wondering how she would escape the party. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 The flash back from years ago, will be added to the story to highlight us on the history between the parents in the past. So don’t let us be confused. 
 Paul Stanford: Paulina’s father 
Charlotte Flood: Paulina’s mother. 
Grace Packard : Paulina’s stepmother
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER FOUR. 4️⃣

        ❣️❣️Stolen first kiss ❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
Micheal tossed and turned on his bed when his third alarm sounded. He had already broke the first two when it sounded and he started contemplating about getting up or breaking the third one as well. He drifted back to dream land after breaking it down until his usual nightmare woke him up. He opened his eyes immediately, and left the bed. That’s just how he is, he might look outstanding among his peers, but seven alarms always work together but none ever wake him up, only his nightmare could do the magic. His staffs replace his alarms everyday. 

  Waking up to a new day has always been a struggle to him, it was like a mission to fight or accept defeat so he just had to keep moving. 

  He went to freshen up and did all his morning routine before going out, and met his staffs assembled by the doorway - as usual. 

    “Good morning, Mr. Russ.” They chorused, and he walked past them. 

     “Mr. Russ, the chairman request your present at the main dinning hall.” Mr. Jones; his personal assistant said. 

Mr. Jones has been working for him since he was a child, so of all the staff he had, Mr. Jones is the only one that dares to communicate with him. 

    “Dad is back!” He thought, as Mr. Jones escorted him to the dinning hall. 

His family was not different from many other conglomerates family; everyone are busy attending to their business that they barely seat together to have a meal. His father is the chairman of Russ Group, and his mother was the vice, neither was he an expectation. He learnt about the business in a tender age, and he has been doing well so far. His hard work earned him the position of the director of Holland high, and he intend to ace more wins once he graduates from high school. 
.
   “Good morning, dad, good morning, mum.” He greeted and took his respectable seat. 

    “I heard that you proposed that the school stop admitting scholarship applicants.” Chairman Russ said, and Micheal looked at him - that’s their usual way to exchanging greeting. 

    “Yes, dad. I felt it’s wrong for elites to associate with the likes of them. It’s understandable enough that we’ve to put up with the students in the regular class, but those scholarships students are way beneath our leagues.” He said, and the chairman nodded while his mother chuckled. 

    “Interesting.” Mrs. Russ said. 

   “Micheal, the community are against our system  of separating classes based on hierarchy, admitting one from them is our way of pleasing  them, so I would advise you rethink that before proposing it.”

     “Why should their opinions matter?”

     “Because no matter how big you are, you need the society approval   With that being said, I would advise you introduce a compulsory volunteer program for all the students in the supreme class, that’s going to be a huge advantage to you.”

      “What? No, never. No one is gonna turn up to that, I personally won’t. The purpose of canceling scholarships is to avoid the likes of them.” 

    “But you will always need them. They are the crowds that will attack each other to hail your praise.” The chairman said, and Micheal nodded, although he wasn’t pleased. 
*
 He arrived at school, and headed to the MASS suite - an elegant hangout designed for him and his friends. 

    “Mike, wassup.” Austin greeted, and they exchanged a friendly gesture. 

     “Guys, I strongly recommend that school days should be reduced to thrice a week, five days is kllling.” Stanley whined, wobbling on his feet to join them. 

     “If I got three quarter of your brain, I’d quit school.” Austin blurted. 

    “I’m against that motion. To me, school is simply a place to relive stress with pride. The weekend is always packed, buddies.” Micheal said.  
    
     “Arrggh…”. Austin and Stanley screamed, and Steven entered the room. 

    “Steve, wassup.” Austin greeted, and they both exchanged friendly gestures. He exchanged greetings with the others and went to seat. 

 They might have been friends for years, but he is always quiet. He barely utter anything in a conversation. 

     “Guyyysssss… I finally found a new babe.” Stanley said in jubilant, and they scoffed. 
 
  He fancy cars a lot, and considered them his babe. After a long list of unserious relationships, he surrendered that filling his heart with what he loves is worth more than devoting it to someone. 

    “Guys, we gotta get this one. Matching with this new ride to Chris party next weekend would make an amazing entrance.” He said, and Micheal nodded. 

     “Mike, don’t tell me you are listening to him. This obsessed man can do anything to make us get that car. I’m out, I’ve more than enough cars already.” Austin blurted. 

    “Enough isn’t the end, bro. There is what we called exceed. We might likely be the first teenager to get this in California.” Stanley said. 

   “I’m not falling for that again. I rather spend my money on a nightstand. Guys, cancel all your plans this month end it’s a three days tournament in an exclusive club. Italian girls are the hosts, and to spice it up, they grant special requests.” Austin said licking his lips. 

    “What are you going to do with your sugarpie if you are away for three days. You gotta explain that.” Micheal teased. 

    “We’ll break up before then. So, in?” He asked, and  Micheal scoffed. 

    “I gotta check my schedule.” Micheal said. 

     “Adjust it, man and don’t play director shit with us.” 

     “Three days tournament with exclusive offer is a good idea, but imagine matching in with this beautiful baby.” Stanley said, and Austin hissed  while Michael laughed. 

    “Then that means we are in. I’m gonna make reservations now.” Austin said. 
    
    “It’s still weeks away.” Michael said. 
    
    “Do you know how many people are into this offer? A tournament is gold, trust me you won’t regret it.” Austin said. 
     
     “Your wish! And I also agree with Stan. We should get that car before any other teenager gets it. We can’t lose to Roy like the last time.” Micheal said, and they both looked at him. 

   “That’s the spirt.” Stanley cheered. 

     “That was a f¥cking helicopter, buddy. I don’t think Roy is into cars.” Austin blurted. 

    “We could never tell, that guy has been getting on my nerve lately. He will also be at Chris party, we should put him in his place.” Michael said. 

     “We’ve gotten a lot of things all for that reason, but none of them ever knows their place. I’m strongly against it!” Austin blurted. 

    “Two against one!” Stanley teased, and they all looked at Steven. 
   
    “What’s your take, man?” Micheal asked. 

    “In or out?” Stanley asked, raising his hand to indicate in, then folded it as out and Steven didn’t hesitate to raise his hand. 

     “Gross… what was I even thinking? He will always follow majority.” Austin blurted angrily. 

    “And you are always against that majority.” Stanley teased.  

    “We gotta run, we are late for class.” Austin said, and they let out a heavy sigh. 

     “Gosh, man. I thought we are skipping today.” Stanley whined. 

     “I wish I could. But I need the attendance to save my head.” Austin said. 

    “I’ll take care of that.” Micheal assured. 

    “That old man is wiser now. He now request for footage from the principal. I barely managed to escape last week.” 

     “Gosh, what’s your punishment anyways to warrant these suffering?” Stanley whined. 

     “Special internship as his secretary.” He said, and Stanley gasped. 

  “That’s no punishment to me.” Micheal said, and Stanley cleared his throat. 

    “We are late for class.” Stanley said, and Austin laughed. 

   “I can’t believe this.” Austin grumbled. 

    “This is absolutely why school days should be reduced.” Stanley said, and Austin nodded in agreement. 

    “I strongly agree with you now.” Austin said. 

   “ Thanks to you, we will set a good example for the juniors behind.” Stanley teased . 

    “Gosh… do we really have to do this every week days? I thought we are here to relive stress!” Micheal exclaimed. 

    “I’ll set you up with a nice girl before Chris party.” Austin said, and Michael’s eyes brightened. 

   “What about me?” Stanley whined. 
    
    “You already have a baby.” Austin teased, and Micheal laughed. 
*
  They got to class, and the teacher paused to greet them before they went to their seats. 

   “We are really doing this.” Stanley grumbled. 

    “Shit! I can’t believe we are late.” Austin said, and they all glared at him. 
*
   After the class, everyone started talking about Lia’s party, and Austin got interested in it. 

    “Lia’s house party is always the best. She knows how to throw a party.” Austin said, and Stanley glared at him. 

    Michael ignored them, and found his way to their suite. They all trailed behind him with Stanley and Austin sending glares at each other. 

     “Hey, Steven, wait up.” They heard someone shout from behind, they all stooped on their track obviously stunned expect Steven who kept on walking, but he stopped when he noticed that the others stopped. 

  They all turned around at a time, and saw the new student. 

    “Steeeevennn…”. Austin said with widen eyes. 

    “Hi guys.” She waved, and they all looked at her. 

     “Who are you?” Austin blurted. 

    “I’m Paulina.” She said, and Micheal looked at her. 

     “Who cares if you are Paulina? What do you want?” Austin lashed, rolling his eyes. 

    “Steven dropped something the last time, I wanted to return it.” She said, a little scared. 

  “Where did you two meet for him to drop whatever?” Austin blurted. 
     
    “Steve, what did you dropped?” Stanley asked, and Steven shook his head. 

    “Wasn’t it yours? I thought you dropped a pendant.” Paulina said, and Steven glared at her. 

  Micheal looked from her to Steven, before letting out a shallow sigh. 
  “Let’s go guys.” He muttered, and Austin snubbed her before they left. 

    “Yooo, dude. Who does she think she is?” Austin blurted. 

    “Who the hell is she?” Stanley muttered. 

   “We should be asking you that.” Austin replied. 

   “Steve, are you sure you dropped nothing?” Michael asked, and Steven nodded. 

    “What are you saying? Our pumpkin is always on his own or rather with us, so when will he associate with her to drop something? And what? A pendant? Does he look like someone that carries a family relics around?” Austin teased, and wrapped his hand around Steven. 

   “I’m suddenly curious about her.” Micheal said and walked ahead of them while they all hurried to catch his pace. 
*
  They arrived at their suite, and the principal sent Paulina’s bio data to Michael. 

   “Just like the whole class, I can’t find anything on that Andrew.” Stanley said. 

    “She is on a special scholarship, the Stanford’s are the ones sponsoring her.” Michael said. 

    “What?” Austin and Stanley shouted. 
    
    “But who is she to get a special scholarship into the supreme class that many millionaires children couldn’t?” Stanley said. 

     “I guess that was why Ava hat€s her.” Austin said, and Stanley glared at him. 

    “Don’t mention that name.” Stanley whispered. 

    “What?” Austin whispered back and composed himself. “Something is off somewhere, I saw her chattering with Lia and her friends, it seems like they are plotting something for her.” Austin said. 

    “If that would get her out of our class then so be it. How could she be that fortunate?” Stanley said. 

     “The fun is gonna be at Lia’s party. Lia does know how to throw a party.” Austin said. 

    “What’s the point? We won’t be there.” Stanley  said. 

    “Why does that bltch have to return? Thanks to her we will miss a memorable and exciting party. I heard that Prince and the clowns will be there.” Austin said. 

    “Why do they always interfere in our school party? He is worst than Roy.” Stanley blurted. 

     “Not being there will go down in history. This is the first Lia’s party that we will miss.  She didn’t even specially invite us like usual.” Austin said. 

    “Thanks to that bltch, we will miss more exciting parties. Why does she even have to return?” Stanley grumbled. 

    “It’s getting too noisy.” Michael muttered, and they both glared at him. 

  He carried his laptop to work, and the others went to play video game. 
*
  When school dismissed, they all headed to the parking lot and saw Paulina entering Lia’s car. 

    “I can really smell something fishy.” Austin said. 

    “I hope they successfully put her in her place.” Stanley said. 

     “That party… we should be there.” Micheal said, and their face brighten. 

     “You don’t mean it.” Austin and Stanley chorused. 

    “Should I take it back?” Michael asked. 

    “No!” Stanley shouted. 

    “Never.” Austin muttered. “We should go prepare, it gonna be a long night.” Austin added, and Stanley cheered. 
*
*
  <<<YEARS AGO>>>
*
  Paul was rushed to the hospital, and all the children sat by his bedside while Louis tried to console Charlotte who was  crying. 

    “This is all my fault.” She cried. 

    “Come on, it’s not your fault.” Louis said. 

    “Blaming yourself won’t undo anything.” Grace said. 

    “If anyone is to be blamed, it’s Grace.” Louis said, and stood up. 

    “Hey, why me? I wasn’t the one he was going back go get” Grace fired. 

     “If you haven’t screamed, he wouldn’t have fall.” Louis shouted. 

    “Kids, that’s enough.” Mrs. Crocker (Louis’s mother) said joining them. 

    “Mum, is he going to be fine?” Louis asked. 

   “Yes, he will be fine. He didn’t break any bones, it’s just minor scratches. He is still asleep because of the medication. Charlotte, your driver is here.” 

    “You should go home and rest, I’ll keep you updated.” Louis said, and patted her hair gently. 
*
  Charlotte arrived home, and her nanny scanned the house before asking her to come in. 

    “Are you sure daddy is not in?” She asked. 

    “He is probably in his study. You should hurry to your room before he comes out.”

    “Ok.” She whispered, and walked discreetly through the hallway heading to her. 

  She entered her room and managed to breathe properly before seeing the shock of her life - her father was just there, in her room after all. 

   “Da…daddd… daddyyy…”. She shuddered in fear. 

  Her father was never in approval of her friendship with the other kids, to him keeping friends means having a weakness, and it’s better having rivals than friends. She was lucky to be friends with the other kids after meeting Paul three years ago at her cousin’s birthday party. The celebrant might be her cousin, but she felt lost at the party same as Paul who merely attended because his father got the invitation from a business partner. They both left the party and had fun together, while chattering, they realized that they attend the same school, and he introduced her to the others the next day at school. Since then, she formed a bond with them, and they always hang out together against her parents wish - her parents were barely around anyways. 
.
   “Where are you coming from?” He asked, and she tried to control her raising heart. 

    “From… ermmm… from… the academic.”

   “On Sunday?”

   “Daddy, I hanged out with my friends.” She finally said, awaiting the worst. 

    “You are grounded till further notice.” He muttered, and her jaw dropped. 

    “Daddy.” She cried. 

   “Leave the young woman alone.” She heard her grandfather said, and she ran to embrace him. 

    “Father, don’t interfere to how I raise my child.” 

    “I’ll, because you are also my child. Go have fun, Cha Cha. Grandpa and dad will leave your room soon.”

   “Yes, grandpa.” She shouted, and ran out. 

    “Father.”

    “You should bear a grandson soon, girls only want to have fun.” He muttered. 

    “I’m going to raise Charlotte to be better than a male child, so don’t interfere again.”

    “Leave the kid alone, she knows nothing. We’ve a bigger problem.”
*
  Charlotte chat with  Louis all night on the phone, and he kept her updated on Paul’s health. Thankfully, he was fine as Mrs. Crocker assured. 

 Things returned to normal after Paul was discharged. Although her grandfather saved her from getting punished, but that doesn’t mean her father would give up on pestering her. She was only able to meet her friends at school, and avoid hanging out with them after school since her father was still home. 

 Everything was seeming fine until Louis broke the news that he was leaving California. His family established a new hospital in Germany and his father is the director in charge.
*
  All the kids met at the airport to bid farewell but Charolette couldn’t make it. 

   “Time to go champ.” His father said. 

   “Charolette isn’t here yet.” Louis muttered sadly. 

   “I don’t think she is coming, you should leave now Louis, your parents are waiting.” Paul said. 

  Louis looked around in disappointment, and nodded before embracing them again. 

   “I’m really going to miss you, Louis.” Grace cried. 

    “Come on, stop it. Unlike other girls you look ugly when you cry.” He teased. 

   “Really?” She asked, and he laughed which made her angry and she punched him. “This is really sad, it’s just Paul and I now.”

    “Not just us, we also have Charlotte.” Paul said. 

    “She isn’t even here, and she barely hang out with us these days. She goes to the academy after school, and also has tutoring classes during recess. She barely even reply messages because she is always tried. How do you call that friendship?” Grace blurted. 

    “You shouldn’t say that, Grace. Charlotte doesn’t want that either.” Louis defended, and Grace rolled her eyes. 

    “Champ, we are running late.” His father said, and he looked around again before turning to leave. 

   The kids left as well, and Charlotte ran into the airport. 

   “Louis!” She shouted at the top of her voice watching his retreating back, and he ran back upon hearing her voice. 

    “Charlotte.” He called and they ran to embrace each other. 

    “Is this really good bye?” She cried. 

    “I knew you would come.” He muttered, and embraced her again. 
     
    “I’m really going to miss you, Louis.”

    “I won’t miss you if this teary eyes is the last face I would remember.” He said, and helped her wipe her tears. “Be a good girl, Charlotte, always listen to your dad and don’t let him scold you. Hang out with the others when he is away, and also reply messages. I’ll miss you, my friend.” He said, and pecked her lips leaving her stunned. “I stole your first kiss, it’s my first as well. You can punch me when I return, my body will be all yours.” He said, and winked at her before leaving. 

  She touched her lips staring at his retreating back, and Paul who returned when he saw her car stood at a distance staring at them. Grace who didn’t miss the moment joined Paul and chuckled softly. 

    “Louis is really gone now.” She muttered, and he left without uttering a word. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  The MASS are really something else.
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER FIVE. 5️⃣ 

        ❣️❣️The party ❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 <<<<BACK TO PRESENT >>>
*
   LIA’S HOUSE ***
*
  The house was already decorated for the party, and guests started to arrive - supreme class students from Holland high, and also teenagers from other schools fit in same status as any student in Holland high supreme class. 

   Ava looked around awaiting Paulina’s arrival. They all went to the salon together to get their hair done and also went shopping after school, but she instructed the driver to take Paulina home while she left with Lia to prepare for the outstanding party. 

    “Still as beautiful as ever, Ava.” She heard someone said from behind irritating her, and she turned around to see Spencer McGraw, popularly known as prince. 
.
  Spencer McGraw is the only son of the youngest Billionaire chairman in California, his parents got married when they were teenagers, and had him early. Rumors had it that he would also be arranged with a lady to get married before he finish high school. He got his nickname ‘Prince’ when he was in middle school, he formed a group with his friends known as prince and the clowns. 
.
   “When you glare like that, I get scared.” He whined, and she scoffed. “It’s nice to have you back, Ava. I heard you dump Mike. That guy deserves it, he is too full of himself.”

    “Keep walking.” She blurted. 

   “No, I take it back. You are perfect for each other.”

     “Prince, I’m glad to have you here.” Lia said, and went to embrace him. 

    “I rather miss my flight than miss your party.” He said, and pecked her lips before he continued on his way. 

     “Gosh! Isn’t Prince so hot?” Lia said touching her red cheeks before looking at Ava. “I saw you two talking earlier. I think he is still I nterested in you. Now that you are back, you should give him a shot, you already broke up with Mike, nothing is stopping  you. Gotta have some fun.”
    
    “Don’t mention that name around me.” Ava blurted. 

    “Sorry, my bad. But Prince is actually a nice guy.” Lia said. 

    “I rather become a nun than date that clown.” 

    “Nope. He is the prince and they are the clowns.” Lia giggled. 

    “So tacky.” Ava muttered. 

    “I consider it cute.”

     “Focus, Lia. This isn’t just a party, and the host is yet to arrive.”

    “That’s true. But what if she doesn’t come?” 

     “She knows better.” Ava said with a smirk, and Lia giggled. 
*
 The MASS arrived at the party, and everyone started drooling over them. They exchanged greetings with few of their friends, and Prince smirked upon seeing them. 
     
   “Look who is here.” Prince said, and they all shook hands. 

    “I know the head of the clowns never missed a party.” Austin teased. 

    “You always love to have last word Austin, when you merely get attention because of Micheal. Does your father still worry about your attendance?” Prince mocked and Austin got angry. 

  Austin wanted to throw a fist, but Stanley held him back. 

   “That’s rich coming from you, Prince. See ya at the next basketball tournament, that’s if you make it that far.” Michael said, and patted Prince back. 

    “I got better things to do.” Prince shouted. 

    “We know. Let’s enjoy the party.” Stanley teased and they all continued on their way. 

    “That Prince guy is always getting on my nerve. He is worse than Roy.” Austin complained. 

    “You shouldn’t have called him a clown. That got him.” Stanley said. 

    “But that’s what he is. Why does he have a tacky name? Prince and the clown. It sounded like a fairytale story title.” Austin said, and they all laughed. 

    “Look who we have here. Micheal, Austin, Stanley, and Steven. To whom do I owe this pleasure?” Lia said. 

   “To the beautiful party you threw. You know we love parties, I, to be precise.” Austin said, and winked at her. 

    “But I didn’t personally invite you guys.” She said. 

    “That doesn’t mean we can’t be here.” Stanley said. 

    “Well… if you say so, I hope you enjoy the party.” She said, and turned to leave. 

    “Lia, I love parties with less drama.” Micheal said, and she looked at him. 

    “Pardon? You are supposed to relax at a party. And drama helps us relax, don’t you agree?” 

    “You guys shouldn’t be here, you aren’t even invited.” Ava said, joining them. 

     “Why? We also want to relax. Don’t you agree with me, Lia?” Austin said and winked at Lia who giggled. 

    “Why can’t we be here? Am I making you feel uncomfortable?” Micheal asked, walking closer to her. 
     
     “H£ll, NO. I believe you meant it the other way round. I dumped you, Mike. I was the one who breakup with you, so why should I be uncomfortable? Seeing you just disgust me. I hate seeing trash that I’ve dumped!” She blurted, and their eyes widen. 

   “Ava… come on, let’s enjoy the party.” Lia said, and held her hand but she pulled away vigorously. 

   “Then you shouldn’t have returned. Not to my school at least, because you will keep seeing me around.” With that he continued on his way, and the others followed. 

    “Babe, that was harsh.” Lia said, and Ava glared at her. 

    “Why did you let them in?” She blurted. 

    “It can be my house, but we both know I can’t stop them. Why did you guys even broke up?” 

   “I dumped him, so mind your speech.”
     
   “Why? Dumping the perfect Mike… what could be your reason?”
    
     “Perfect, Mike. Indeed” She muttered with a smirk. “Let’s focus on our host, she will arrive soon.” She added, and left. 
*
 The MASS sat down and Mike didn’t let go of his bottle of wine. 

   “You gotta relax, buddy. Getting drunk before the party is no fun.” Austin said. 

    “Do you think anything fun would happen in this party? That Ava is so fo0l of herself.” Stanley said, and stood up. 

   “Not you again, man. Just leave her be. She was right, she broke up with Mike. He got dumped, and he was heartbroken. He couldn’t even move on, he still hasn’t move on. That’s why he is sulking now.” Austin blurted. 

   “That’s harsh, man.” Stanley said. 

  “Spare me that. What’s so special about her? Thousands of girls formed a long queue to be with you, so why sulk over her?” Austin blurted. 

    “Austin, not here.” Stanley cautioned. 

    “She called me trash. That wasn’t her first time. She also broke up with me because I was a piece of trash.” Micheal muttered, and they both looked at him. 
*
 FLASHBACK to a years ago***
*
  Micheal sat in a glamorous  garden that is decorated for his date with Ava. He arrived few minutes earlier before their scheduled time to ensure that everything was ready. Ava complains a lo and easily gets angry so he had to make sure that the venue would be to her liking. 

 He waited for close to an hour before she arrived which is unlike her, but he managed to welcome her with a smile, and gave her the bunch of followers he got for her. 

    “You’re late.” He said, and she threw the flowers back at him. 

     “Let’s end it, Mike.” She blurted. 

    “What? You love receiving flowers whenever we are on a date. You got angry the last time because I didn’t get one, do you suddenly loathe it?”

     “Not the flowers, but this. I suddenly loathe piece of trash like you.” With that she left, leaving him broken. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Austin held Micheal’s hand to stop him from drinking, while Stanley summoned an attendant to clear their table.  

    “She said I was a piece of trash back then, and even now.” He cried, and Austin patted his back. 

    “Gosh, what’s this? We shouldn’t have come here. Let’s get him out of here.” Stanley said. 

    “Not when that clown has seen us. Everyone will gossip.” Austin protest. 

    “But we can’t leave him this way. Mike doesn’t know how to hold his liquor. Look at him, he is already wasted.” Stanley said. 

    “I know my way around this house, I’ll help him him to the guest room and you will divert others attention from us. Let’s go Steve.” Austin said. 
*
  They entered the guest room and was startled to see someone inside, the person they least expect - a scholarship student. 

    “What are you doing here?” Austin shouted, and pushed Mike to the bed. 

     “I… I…”. The boy shuddered. 

    “Get lost, get out. How did he managed to sneak in here?” Austin shouted, and the boy ran out in fear. “He would be fine, he just needs to sleep and sober up, let’s return once the party is over.” He added, and Steven nodded. 
*
  Paulina arrived at the party and looked around at lost. She contemplated several times either to attend the party or not when a maid came to remind her about the party - obviously, Ava instructed the maid to pester her. 

 The thoughts of what might await her at the party was scary, but getting on Ava’s bad side was even scarier, so she made up her mind to attend the party with intention to face whatever. 
.
    “Oh, it’s Lili.” Rae said when she saw her, and she managed to smile. 

    “Hi.” She waved, and Rae forced a smile. 

   “Come with me, the girls are waiting.” Rae said and dragged her before she could protest. 

    “Lili is here.” Lia said when she saw her, and Ava smirked. 

    “Oh, my. Such a beauty. Lia, do you mind to introduce her?” A boy said winking at Lia, and Lia glared at him. 

    “Get lost, Sage.” She said and went to Paulina. 
    
   “What took you so long? We thought you won’t make it.” Alicia said, patting Paulina’s hair. 

    “Have a drink, so the fun would begin.” Ava said, and gave her a glass of wine but she rejected it. 

     “I’m good with a glass of soda, I don’t take alcohol.” Paulina said. 

    “What? That’s gross. You should never say that elsewhere. Come on, have a drink and thank me later.” Alicia said. 

   “I’ll pass.” 

   “My hand is still hanging, I don’t take no.” Ava said glaring at her. 

    “I don’t believe anyone still takes soda at a party. Yuck.” Rae teased. 

    “Let me help you learn to drink.” Lia said and collected the glass of wine from Ava. 

     “I’m sorry, I can’t.” Paulina muttered. 

    “Hi guys, can I get your attention?” Lia shouted, and everyone attention drawn to her. “Guys, I apologize for interrupting your fun, but we have all night to have fun.” She said, and majority  cheered. “You have all came out of your way as usual to attend my party. So let’s dive to the purpose of today’s party even though we don’t need a reason ti have fun.” She said, and giggled. “ Let’s all jam our hands together to welcome back my best friend, Ava.” She said, and everyone clapped. 

    “What are you doing?” Ava grumbled. 

    “And there is also someone among us that I’m sure many of us  are curious about. Paulina Andrew, a new school mate and friend of mine. She is new in California, I guess… but let’s jam our hands together to cheer her as I present to her a glass of wine to welcome her to our realm.” She said, and everyone cheered. “Have a glass, Lili, you don’t wanna refuse it.” She said, and Paulina hesitated before collecting the glass of wine, and they all chuckled. 

    “Come on, drink up.” Rae shouted. 

    “Drink up, drink up.” Alicia and Rae shouted, and majority chorused it until she emptied the glass.

    “Who else wanna pour her a friendly drink?” Lia asked, and everyone looked at her. 

  The boy from earlier went out. “Hi, I’m Sage Greenwood.” He said, and poured her a glass. “It’s nice meeting you.” 

   “Yeah, same.” She replied, and her hands started trembling. 

     “If you mean it, then drink up.” He muttered, and she looked at his smiley face. 

    “What’s this about?” Stanley muttered. 

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 


    “Probably a new ritual. Too bad Mike missed this.” Austin said, and emptied his glass of wine. 

    “Those sneaky girls are obviously trying to get her drunk. I’m sure they are up to no good.” Stanley said. 

    “If that will help us kick her out of our school, then I’ll gladly go out to pour her a drink.” Austin said, and Stanley scoffed. 

    “You do no such. We shouldn’t be involved in their sneaky game.” Stanley said. 

     “Is that the fifth glass now?” Austin said, counting how many people went out to offer her a drink. 

    “I’m dying to see their plan.” Stanley said, and Austin’s eyes brightened. 

    “I’m equally curious, I hope it brighten this dull party.” Austin said. 

    “Yeah… the party isn’t fun without Mike. Ouch… why does he have to get wasted before the party starts?” Stanley whined, and Austin emptied Stanley’s glass of wine. 

    “There comes, Dalia. I think I’m starting to enjoy the party. Catch you later.” With that he left. 

    “Don’t forget she is taken, and you are taken too.” Stanley shouted after him, and make a toast with Steven before letting out a sigh. “Arghh… so boring.” He grumbled. 
*
  A few people offered Paulina a glass of wine until she couldn’t withstand it anymore and got completely drunk. 

  She danced around with Lia and her friends, and Ava chuckled watching her act carelessly until they led her to the poolside. 

    “Back at home, I always go fishing with mum. I catch the biggest fish that she refused to sell when I was seven.” She said, and Rae laughed sarcastically. 

    “Wanna go catch some fish?” Lia asked, and pushed her in the pool. 

    “Arggh…” Everyone around shouted. 

    “Lina!” Sage shouted, and intend to jump in the pool but Alicia held him back. 

    “I’m sure she will be fine, she is good at swimming.” She assured, and Paulina swam out to their surprise coughing slightly. 

   “Lina, are you ok?” Sage shouted aiming at her, but Ava pushed him away. 

   “I’m sure she isn’t. She is drained, and needs to get changed.” 

    “I couldn’t get any fishes.” Paulina whined. 

    “Sober up, girl. You need to go get changed.” Lia said, and lead her away followed by Alicia and Rae. 
*
  They helped her in and pushed her inside the guest room before shutting the door from behind. 

   “Do you think Jayden is still there?” Rae asked, and Lia chuckled. 

   “He knows better than defying Ava’s orders. The real game is about to begin. The camera is already set inside, and Jayden knows what to do so let’s go.” Lia said. 

   “I think Sage likes that bltch.” Alicia grumbled. 

    “Who cares?” Lia and Rae shouted. 

    “I do.” Alicia fired back, and left in anger. 

    “What has gotten into her?” Rae asked, and Lia rolled her eyes. 

     “There are clothes there for you to get changed to. Wash up and have fun.” With that they left ignoring Paulina who didn’t stop barging the door. 
*
   Paulina sober up after they left and started looking around for the clothes. She opened the wardrobe and saw a pyjama there so she assumed that was the clothe before going to the bathroom to wash up and was startled to see someone there - Mike. 

    “Arghh…”. She screamed, and the pyjama fall off her hand before she ran out. 

  She twisted the doorknob to go out but was shocked to realize that it was locked and Mike came out of the bathroom with  a towel tied around his waist. 

    “What’s are you doing? Sneaking on people who take their bath?” He muttered counting few steps close to her, and she froze on her feet trying to open the door until he gets very close to her with barely few inches gap between them. 

    “I… I…”. She shuddered, and he pushed her aside trying to open the door. 

    “Who locked it?” He shouted. 
     
    “I… I…”. She shuddered. 

    “Will you stop stammering and answer me?!” He shouted. 

    “I don’t know. Lia brought me here to get changed, I don’t know, I don’t know who locked it.”  She said in fear, and he let out a sigh. 

    “I don’t know what game they are trying to pull off with you. .. Shiite!” He shouted when he went to take his phone and realized it was out of charge. “Are you with your phone?” He asked, and she shook her head. “Then how are supposed to get of here?” He shouted barging the door. Although he knows that the loud music playing outside won’t let anyone hear their cry for help. 
**
**
  Lia and Alicia went to join Ava who was standing by the poolside. 

    “It’s done, babe. She is locked up with Jayden in that room. I increased the music volume, so no one can hear her cry for help.” Lia said. 

   “What if someone goes here?” Ava asked. 

   “Relax, sweetie. I already detailed securities to ensure no one goes there, at least until we get this done with.” 

   “Don’t worry, Ava. The camera is there, we just have to wait for Jayden to get it done so we can secure a footage that will be to our advantage.” Rae said, and Ava smirked. 

    “This is the end, Paulina. By the time your s£x tape is all over the internet, mum will surely get rid of you so you won’t jeopardize her election.” Ava thought, and emptied her glass of wine. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Their plan got screwed. 😉
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER SIX. 6️⃣ 

        ❣️❣️Spy cam ❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 <<<<<YEARS AGO>>>>>
*
 The kids continue their usual routine, chatting regularly with Louis on the phone until they lost contact with him. 

  Charlotte also reduced her communication with the other kids when they went to different high schools and her study schedule became even more tighter until she lost contact with them completely. 

  She moved on eventually, she graduated from high school and went to college, there she coincidentally met them again. 

  She went to club with her closest friend in college, Sally, they both drank to their satisfaction and went to the dance floor when Jerry, an infamous cult member approached her for a dance. 

   “No, I’ll pass.” She muttered, and intend to leave but he  dragged her back. 

    “Hey! I don’t take no.” He blurted tighten his grip on her and she tried to free herself from him. 

    “Let me go.” She shouted. 

    “Not too loud!” He uproar, and squeezed her face with his other hand. 

    “She asked you to let her go.” She heard a voice from behind. 

   She turned around wondering who dares to stand up against Jerry , and behold… he was her childhood friend Paul. She gasped in fear because she knew they were screwed -  Paul has always been a bad fighter since he was a child. 
*
*
 <<<<<<BACK TO PRESENT>>>>
*
  LIA’S PARTY***
*
  Micheal woke up and sobered up immediately. He decide to wash off the sweat away before he goes out so he went to shower with intention to ask Austin to get him fresh clothes when Paulina showed up out of the blues. 
*
Paulina stood by a corner looking at Micheal who didn’t stop glaring at her. 

    “We’re stuck in here!” He screamed and she flinched in fear. “Are you with your charger?” He asked later, and she shook her head. 

   He went to sit on the bed and she looked away from him immediately. 

    “Who are you?” He asked, and she looked at him. 

   “I.. I… I’m…”. She shuddered. 

   “I know. I don’t give a f¥ck about your name. Why is Ava so pissed off with you? I know her family granted you a special scholarship, but she shouldn’t go wild over that.” He said, and she looked at him. “I don’t know what you heard about me, but they’re  all true. I don’t associate with the likes of you, and I don’t bite either. We are both stuck in here, so we only have each other now.” He said, and smirked. 

  Paulina looked at him wondering why he was trying to start a conversation with her. 

    “Do you’ve a plan? Or are we just going to stare at each other ?”

    “I don’t know why they locked me up here. I was supposed to come here to change after getting drained.” She said, and he looked at her. 

   “You’re cold.” He muttered, and she shook her head. “Cover yourself with that.” He said, and threw a blanket at her. 

    “You also need to cover yourself.” She managed  to say. 

    “Why? Am I making you feel uncomfortable?” He teased and she shook her head. “You’ve already seen everything, so what’s there to be uncomfortable about?”

    “I didn’t see anything.” She shouted. 

   “So why did you screamed?” He asked walking closer to her. 

    “I… I..”. She shuddered in fear. 

    “I asked you to cover yourself.” He muttered, and covered her with the blanket. “Why do I feel like there is more to why Ava disgust you? On a norms, she should have exposed your admission status to the entire school so you can get bullied and be forced to transfer. But since she chose to play sneaky, she is scared of something. What’s between the both of you ?” 

    “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

    “I know. She h@tes me too, and I’m too ashamed to share her reasons with  anyone. So I can understand you.” He said, and she looked at him. “Nah… not that. I’m not in the same shoes as you.”

    “Aren’t you going to get dressed? Anyone could come in.”

    “Oh… are you scared of something? You should feel  privileged to be locked up with me.“ 

   “I don’t know what you are talking about.” She blurted, and stood up.  

     “That’s the energy, girl. You were sulking earlier like I locked us up in here. I’ve a reputation to uphold you know. “

    “I didn’t want to get stuck here with you either.” She blurted. 

   “Wow! You’re more aggressive than I could imagine. But, you should be thankful that you are in here with me.” He said, and pointed at the camera. 

    “What? What’s that?”
    
    “Something that could put you in your place and that place is likely out of this world.” He said confusing her. 

   She went closer to it and realized that it was a camera. 
   “Spy cam?” She shouted, and he nodded. 

    “You’re quick. I believe someone else was supposed to be here, an hungry man who is awaiting his prey but too bad… Austin must’ve chased him out when he brought me here. Good for you, but not for me.” He said, and her heart sank. She didn’t even hear anything he said, but the implication of whatever they planned to do to her scared her a lot. 

    “What…”. She shuddered. 

    “Come on, I’m getting hot. I could as well continue the game. I’m a a man too you know.” He teased, and she started to shiver in fear. 

  She counted few steps away from him, but each step she count backward he took forward until she missed her step and fell on the bed, and he bend low to her. 

   “Are you really trying to run away from me, or you are granting me access?” He teased, and she kicked his nose sending him straight to the floor. “Arggh… you motherf¥cker.” He cursed, and she ran to the door trying to break the knob. “Don’t forget that we are both stuck in here!” He threaten aiming at her. 

   “No, please. Help, somebody help.” She shouted barging the door but it was to no avail. 
**
**
 Sage looked around the party for Paulina wondering what’s taking her so long to get changed when Alicia walked up to him. 

   “Hi Sage, do you wanna dance?” She asked seductively. 

    “Where is Lina? I thought you said she went to change?”

    “Yeah… we said so. But I saw leaving with a guy, she probably picked up someone in the party. Let her have some breathing space, Sage.” She said, patting his shoulder, but he snooze her hand away. 

   “She doesn’t seem like that kind of girl.” He muttered, and emptied his glass of wine. 

    “You don’t even know her, Sage. You only poured her a drink, and exchanged few chats, so stop acting like you know everything about her.” She blurted. 

   “Why are you getting angry?” He fired back. 

   “Because you are being deceived by her. We’ve been classmates since kindergarten but you never acted like I existed, but you are acting like you knew her all your life.”

   “What’s that supposed to mean? We might’ve been classmates since God knows when so what does that have to do with this?” 

   “Do you wanna bet on your instinct?”

    “I don’t follow.”

    “Paulina is not who you think she is. Your instinct bet that she is decent, but I say otherwise.”

    “Are we really doing this?” He asked with a smirk. 

   “Do you wanna chicken out? Starting to doubt your instincts?”

    “What’s the deal?”

    “If I’m right, you will go on a date with me.” She  said, and he chuckled. 

     “And if you are wrong?” 

    “Well… I doubt if that will happen.”

    “But if that’s the case.”

    “Then propose whatever you want.” She shouted.  

  He  chuckled before whispering some words in her ears and her eyes widen.

   “What?” She shouted, and pushed him away. 

    “We made a deal. See ya.” With that he left, and she glared at him till he was out of sight. 

    “Let’s see who gets the benefits of the bet, Sage. You are mine, and that piece of trash will find her place in the garbage.” She muttered, and smirked evilly. 

    “Why are you hovering around that Sage guy?” Rae asked joining her. 

    “I wasn’t. We’re friends since kindergarten.” 

   “Spare me that. Dating that boy after breaking up with Liam is a disaster.” Rae blurted. 

    “What’s wrong with Sage? And besides, I didn’t actually date Liam, we broke up after two days because you all forced me to it.” She blurted, and left angrily while Rae scoffed in disbelief. 
**
**
  Micheal pushed Paulina away from the doorway and tried to break  the doorknob but it was to no avail. 
He hit the door vigorously in anger then started hitting the wall while Paulina contemplated before going to hold his hand. 

  His eyes already turned red in anger, but as she hold his hand he managed to relax. 

   “You are hurting yourself, Mikey. I’m sure your fiends will come to get you.” She assured and he looked at her. 

   “Mikey?” He repeated. 

   “Oh… I’m sorry, I mean Micheal.” She said, and dropped his hand.  

   “No, no. Repeat it again. I like the way you call me Mikey.” He said, and she looked at him confused. 

   “What?” She muttered. 

   “I want you to repeat what you called me earlier.” 

    “Mikey?” She a managed to say. 

    “Yes, Mikey.”

    “Oh! My childhood friend was Micheal, but I usually call him Mikey. I fondly remembered him  when I was about to call you. I’m sorry about that just incase it annoys you.” She said rushing her words in fear. 

    “I know.” He muttered, and she looked at him. 

    “You know what?” She asked, and he looked away before composing himself. 

    “I know you would find excuses. Who are you to compare me with your childhood friend? Do you know who I’m?” He blurted, and she flinched in fear. 

   “I’m… sorry.” She muttered. 

    “Gosh! I need fresh clothes.” He shouted, and she looked at the clothes he dropped on the bed. “What? Do you expect me to wear that back?” He lashed, and she flinched in fear. 

    “NO!” She uproar startling him. 

    “Do you have to raise your voice to say that?” He asked in confusion, and she nervously blinked her lashes. 

    “I know I don’t have to shout, but did you pee on your pants?”

    “What?” 

   “If no, why can’t you wear them again? Did you left gross on it?” 

   “Of course not. I don’t wear back what I take off. I’m that sophisticated, so don’t ever compare me with your childhood friend again.” He blurted, and went to sit. 

   “Oh… so you rather walk n@ked than wear back what you took off? I see… you are indeed different from my childhood friend.” She said, rolling her eyes. 

    “What did you say? Do you really want me to be n@ked? I don’t mind, it’s just the both of us, and you’ve seen everything anyways.” He said, and her eyes widened. 

  She looked away immediately, and covered her face with her hands. 
    “Of course not. I don’t mean it that way. You look better on that towel.” She said, and he chuckled. 

    “So, what do you advise?” He teased. 

    “Just go away.” She muttered, and he held her hand. 

  She looked at him in fear, and her face met his bare chest. Her eyes widened in bewilderment and she started checking out his masculine body. They have been there for close to an hour or more, but she didn’t even give him a second glance. 

    “Don’t  get carried away, you aren’t my type.” He teased, and she pushed him away. 

   “Hey, watch it!” He shouted, and she stood up immediately. 

    “Just go back to sit.” She blurted. 

   “Who are you to tell me what to do?” He shouted, aiming at her. 
**
**
  Ava left the party and went to Lia’s room to pick something. She has never been that bored or pissed at a party before. Nothing seems fun and others won’t stop pestering her. She just wants the party to be over so she could get Paulina out of her life for good. On her way back, she decide to pass by the guest room to get a hint of what’s going on because she is restless for some reason. 

  She stood by the doorway to the guest room and heard voices from inside. 

    “What? Why does that voice sounds familiar?” She thought, and wanted to open the door, but she changed her mind and went to the girls instead. 

  She dragged Lia away from her company, and Lia glared at her angrily. 

   “Hey, what’s that about?” Lia shouted. 

   “Are you sure you locked that bltch up with that peasant?”

    “Of course!”

   “So why was I hearing Mike’s voice from inside?”

    “What? That’s not possible. I detailed securities there so Mike can’t go in.”

     “Seriously? You even stupidly left the key by the knob.”
  
    “Girls, what’s wrong?” Rae asked joining them. 

    “We would have gotten the tape we want, so go check the video. Rae and I will open the door.” Ava said. 
     
    “But that’s not the plan.”

    “I set the plan,and I changed it.  Any objections?” She blurted, and Lia flinched in fear. 

    “Do as you like, I’m still enjoying my party.” Lia blurted and intend to leave but Ava dragged her back. 

    “You will go check it now, right?” She asked, and Lia forcefully freed herself. 

    “Fine! The footage is in laptop, I’ll go check it.” She shouted, and left. 

   “Let’s go, Rae.” Ava said, and Rae quietly trailed behind her. 
**
**
   Austin joined Stanley and Steven who were in company of a friend, and they all excused themselves from their company. 

    “Mike should have sober up by now. I was trying to reach him, but his line was out of reach.” Austin said. 

    “That wasted man could still be sleeping. We should go wake him. The party is about to end.” Stanley said. 

    “Yeah, let’s go. I wonder how he could sleep for that long.” Austin said, and Stanley chuckled. 
*
  They got to the corridor that leads to the guest room but the securities blocked their path. 

    “Buzz off, man. Who do you think you are denying access?” Austin shouted. 

    “We are sorry, sir. But we were given instructions not to let anyone through.”

    “So are you anyone? Do you want to lose your job?” Austin shouted, and Stanley patted his shoulder. 

    “We will be quick. Our friend is in the guest room. Will you let us through now, or we should continue explaining?” Stanley asked, and the men flinched.  

  The men whispered words to themselves before paving way. 

   “Please, be quick.” One of them said, and Austin hit him before passing. 

   “Thanks, man.” Stanley said. 

    “The nerve of them.” Austin blurted. 

   “You don’t have to exchange words with people likes of them, man. Let’s just get Mike and leave.” Stanley said. 

    “They really pissed me off.” Austin said, and Stanley laughed. “Hey, what’s funny?” 

    “The door.” Stanley said. 

    “The door is funny?” Austin lashed. 

    “Why is it locked?” Stanley asked, and Austin’s eyes widened. 

    “What? Steve. It was opened when we came here earlier, and we even left it open, right?” Austin said, and Steven nodded. 

  Stanley rushed to the door and opened it immediately, thankfully the key was in the knob. 

  They opened the door wide and their eyes widen in shock to see Michael lying flat on Paulina. 

   “What?” They shouted. 

    “It’s not what you think.” Micheal said, and wanted to get up. His towel almost fall in the process, but Paulina was quick to hold it. 

    “What the…”. Austin and Stanley almost shout. 
     
    “What are you doing here?” Ava asked. 

  She and Rae joined them, and they were both left in shock. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  What the… 😂😂
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER SEVEN. 7️⃣. 
.
   ❣️❣️ A fling, or a thing?❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  <<<<<<YEARS AGO>>>>
*
  Charlotte and Paul ran out of the club holding hands, they ran as fast as their legs could carry them and managed to dodge somewhere until they were sure that they have missed Jerry and bus gangs who were  running after them. 

    “That was close.” Paul lament, and Charlotte laughed. 

    “This is really funny, Paul. I could never imagine this dramatic reunion.” She said, and they both laughed. 

    “How have you been, Charlotte?”

    “I’ve been great. And I’m overly joyed to meet you again.” She said, and embraced him. 

  She wanted to release from the embrace, but he held her still. 

    “Let’s remain this way for few more minutes, Charlotte. I’ve really missed you.”

    “I’ve missed you too, Paul. You, Grace and, Louis.” She said, and he released from the embrace. 

   “You still think about Louis?”

    “Of course, he is also our friend.”

    “He left years ago.”

    “I was aware of that.”
    
     “You should forget about him. He is doing great in Germany. He met new friends, and I’m sure he forgot about us already.”

     “Why are you being too serious all of a sudden?”

    “I’m just glad that you returned, unlike Louis.”

   “I’m sure he still think about us as well if the  ball in his court, he would have returned.” 

   “You believe in Louis that much?”

    “Paul?” Charlotte called, wondering why he was taking so seriously. 

     “We met first, Charlotte, I introduced you to him but you even believed in him more than I do.”

    “What’s this about, Paul?  Yeah, we met first, and you introduced me to Louis and Grace. We all became friends right after, so I believe in you all, equally.”

    “Don’t deny the fact that you are more fond of Louis.” 

     “Paul, why we are arguing about this when we nearly escaped getting beaten up by Jasper?” She asked unable to control her laughters. 

   Paul chuckled softly and embraced her. “I’ve missed you so much that’s all.”

    “I’ve missed you more.” She said, and wrapped her hands around him. 

   They disengaged when her phone rang, and she smiled softly when she saw the caller. 

    “Who’s that?” Paul asked. 

    “My boyfriend.” She replied all smiles, and his jaw dropped. 

    “Boyfriend? You now have a boyfriend?” He asked, and she laughed. 

    “Can’t I have one?” She asked back and wanted to receive the call but it ended. “Ops, I missed it.”

     “Well… it felt like yesterday, when you have to sneak out of the house to hang out with us, so it’s just felt weird that we met again and you already have a boyfriend. You were this tall back then.” He said, using his hand to measure her height. 

    “Come on, I wasn’t that short. I was almost the same height as you back then. And it wasn’t yesterday, but almost a decade.” She said, and get up. 

    “But it all felt like yesterday.” He said, and her phone rang again. 

    “Shh.. I’ve to receive this.” She said, and he looked at her as she happily talked to her boyfriend on the phone. 
*
*
  <<<<<BACK TO PRESENT>>>>
*
*
  LIA’S HOUSE 
*
  Austin went to help Micheal up and Paulina get up immediately. Ava scoffed in disbelief before leaving and Rae went after her. 

   “What’s this man?” Stanley asked, and Michael shook his head. 

   “There is a misunderstanding, it’s not what you think.” Micheal said, trying to explain himself. 

    “What are you waiting for? Buzz off!” Austin shouted at Paulina who ran out immediately in fear. 

    They all looked at Micheal who ran his finger through his hair in frustration. 

    “Buddies, what happened is…”. He shuddered short of words. 

    “It’s ok, man. You don’t have to explain yourself. At least not here. Get dressed, let’s leave.” Stanley said. 

   “Yeah. Get dressed. But you still have to explain why you are together in a locked room with Miss special scholar.” Austin said. 

    “Just get dressed.” Stanley said. 

   “I need fresh clothes.” He said. 

   “What were you thinking when you take off your clothes?” Austin lashed. 

    “I went to shower, and intend to call you to bring me fresh clothes for a change, but my phone was out of charge.” 

   “And then you get all spicy with a lady.” Austin said. 

    “That’s enough, Austin. Stop pissing me off. Go get me something to change.” 

    “Steve, you do it. We will wait here.” Austin said, and Steven nodded before leaving. 

    “Goodness man, this is gonna make a headline.” Austin said, and Michael pointed at the camera. 

   “What?! You are being recorded.” Austin shouted. 

    “Seems like you got caught in the little game prepared for Miss scholar.” Stanley said, and Michael nodded. 
**
**
  Paulina ran out of the party ignoring whoever was calling her until the parson held her hand 

   “Let me go.” She shouted, and intend to free herself. 
    
     “Hey, Lina. It’s me. Why are you running away?” Sage asked, and she looked at him. 

    “I just want to get out of here.” She cried, and he embraced her. 

    “It’s fine, Lina. You are safe now.” He said, patting her back gently. 

 She released from the embrace when she realize what she was doing, and he smiled. 

   “If you are leaving, let me give you a ride.” He said, and she looked at him. 

    “Never mind, I’m good.”

   “I’m good too. I’m leaving anyways so…”

    “I… I…”. She shuddered doubting if it’s right for him to know that she live in same house as Ava. 

    “Let’s go, Lina.” He said, and held her hand leading her away. 

    He opened the passenger’s seat for her, and she looked at him before entering and he went to the driver’s seat. 

   “Off we go!” He said, and drove off. 
**
**
  Ava and her friends watched the content recorded in the room, and Ava throw the laptop away in anger. 

   “Hey, do you wanna destroy it?” Lia shouted. 

   “I can always replace that for you, but you ruin my plan. How can you take responsibility for that?” Ava shouted aiming at her but the other girls held her back. 

   “Girls, that’s enough. We’ve to come up with a solution.” Alicia said. 
    
    “What solution? Split it if you have any.” Ava shouted. 

    “That’s enough, Ava. Stop acting like you are the only one who invested time to this plan?” Rae shouted, and Ava glared at her. 
 
    “Did you just shout at me?” Ava asked, and Alicia went to stand  between them. 

   “What’s even the cause of all these? You don’t even tell us the reason behind your h@tered towards that girl.” Rae blurted. 

   “Rae, that’s enough.” Alicia cautioned. 

    “Rae is right, why do you h@te the new girl? Who is she to you?”

    “She is a leach!” Ava blurted. 

    “I see no way she leached on you.” Rae blurted. 

    “Rae!” Alicia cautioned again giving her a pleading look. 

    “My parents adopted her, and shelter her in wealth. They even went as far as enrolling her in our school, the supreme class at that. Does that answer your question?” Ava blurted, and their eyes widen in bewilderment. 

   “Oh, my.” Lia exclaimed. 

   “I’m done with you girls.” Ava blurted, and intend to leave but Alicia held her back. 

   “Babe, it hasn’t gotten that far.” Alicia said. 

   “Or Rae is out!” Ava blurted before taking the exit. 

    “What do we do now?” Alicia asked and Rae stormed out. 

   “They are both a handful.” Lia muttered, and carried her laptop. “Oh.. my baby. I got this recently.” She whined, and Alicia let out a sigh. 
**
**
Micheal got dressed when Steven brought him fresh clothes, and the others exhaled heavily. 

    “We should leave now, guys.” Micheal said. 

   “What are we going to do about Miss scholar?” Austin asked. 

    “As how?” Stanley asked back. 

   “What if she goes around telling the whole school that you were both locked up together in a room? That will ruin our reputation.” 

    “That won’t happen.” Michael muttered. 

    “How sure are you?” Austin blurted. 

    “I don’t think she would dare that.” 

    “Stop acting like you know her just because you spent few hours locked up together.”

    “Enough of that already. The mention of it gross. And I agree with Mike. She should know better. Let’s get out of here.” Stanley said. 

    They were about to leave when Micheal saw Paulina’s bracelet on the floor, he picked it up immediately and the others looked at him. 

    “What’s that?” Austin asked. 

    “It’s for Lina.” He replied. 

    “Lina? Who the heck is Lina?” Austin asked. 

    “Why do you care? Just drop it and let’s leave.” Stanley said. 

   “No, this is very important to her.” Micheal protest, and their eyes widened. 

    “What? Did I heard that correctly?” Austin asked in bewilderment. 

    “How do you know it’s important to her? It could just be a mere bracelet.” Stanley said. 

    “No, it’ isn’t a mere bracelet, I should give it to her.” Micheal said and kept it in his pocket. 

    “Wait! Did you two suddenly became besties after getting locked up together, or did we miss something?” Austin asked, and Stanley pat his shoulder. 

    “Enough of that. Let’s leave.” Stanley said, and Michael led the way.     
**
**
 Paulina and Sage drove around for almost an hour until Sage pulled over. 

   “Do you feel better now?” Sage asked, and she nodded all smiles.

   “Thank you, Sage.” She muttered. 

   “Where do you live exactly?” He asked, and she looked at him. “It’s fine if you don’t want me to give you a ride. Anyways, can we exchange contact?” 

    “I don’t have my phone now.”

    “Oh… is that so? Then I can give you mine, give me a call when you you are with your phone.” He said, and she nodded. 

    He wrote his number in a piece of paper and gave it to her. 

   “Give me a call.” He said, and she nodded. 
   “How will you go home from here? Do you’ve any cash on you?” He asked, and she shook her head. 

    “Can you lend me some cash?” She asked, and he checked his car. 

    “I don’t go around with cash.” He replied, and she let out a sigh. 

    “What of your bus card?” She asked, and looked at her. 

    “I don’t have one. I’ve never board a bus before.” Ne said, and her eyes widened. 

    “Oh…”. She managed to say. 

    “Here, you can use this.” He said and gave her his credit card. 

    “Your credit card?” She said with widen eyes. 

    “I’ll get it back when we meet again. I’ve another card. The pin 2207.”

    “No, I can’t accept this.”

    “Then how do you want to go home? You don’t want me to give you a ride, neither do you want to accept this.” He said, and she looked at him. 

     “I’ll use it well, and return it back.”

     “Take care.” He said all smiles, and she nodded  before highlighting from the car.  

  She waved at him and he waved back. She waited for him to drive off before she stopped a taxi. Thankfully she knows the description of her house. 
**
**
 Micheal lied on his bed and took the bracelet. He smiled while playing with it like he remembers something but he put it away immediately when he heard the door open. 

    “Yoo… man, I’m screwed.” Austin shouted and Michael stood up immediately. 

    “What are you doing here? I thought we bid good night earlier.”.

    “I just said I’m screwed. You don’t even care to ask what happened.”

    “What could have happen? You are just here to pry. If you are screwed go to Stan and don’t inconvenience me. I’ve work to do.” He blurted, and Austin gave him a weird look. “What? What’s that look about?”  

    “Why do I feel like you are up to something? What are you hiding from meeee?” Austin shouted and bounced on him. 
    
   “Hey, get off me. You lunatlc!” He shouted, and left the bed. 

   “You are gonna split it soon, man. I’ll take your bed for the night.” Austin shouted, and laid flat on the bed. 

   “After you take a shower.” Micheal said and went to his study to work. 

  He kept the bracelet in the cabin before he begun to work on his computer. 
**
**
   HOLLAND HIGH***
*
   Paulina arrived late at school because Ava didn’t return home last night, so she had to walked out of the estate before finding a taxi to school thankfully Sage’s card was with her. 

  She stepped into the hallway and all eyes fell on her. Everyone started whispering words and pointing fingers at her which confused her. 

  She ignored their gestures and continued on her way when Sophia ran to her. 

    “Oh, girl… Mike of all people!” Sophia shouted, confusing her. 

    “What are you taking about?”

    “Come on, don’t you want to associate with me anymore because you are now Mike’s girlfriend?” Sophia asked and she became completely lost. 

    “What…”. She shuddered, and Sophia hits her playfully. 

     “It only took you a day, and you got Mike. I’m so envious of you. I wish to be like you when I grow up.” Sophia said, and Paulina realized that she will continue beating around the bush as always if she doesn’t act front. 

    “Bring me out of the dark, Sophie. I’m lost.” She said and Sophia looked at her confused. 

    “What do you mean? It’s all over the school website. You and Mike.” Sophia said, and showed her a picture of she and Mike in the room. 

    “My God… who posted this?” She grumbled. 

    “What’s wrong? Was it just a fling?” Sophia whispered already at lost. 

     “Just ignore it, it’s not what you think. Mike I and… it’s a long story, I’ll explain it to you later.” She said, and walked past Sophia confusing her. 

    “What’s there to explain? Was it a fling or a thing?” Sophia thought staring at her retreating back. “I hope it’s a thing.” She added, and giggled. 

    Paulina ignored everyone and was about to enter the elevator when a group of girls crossed her path - they were more of crowd than group. 

    “Excuse me.” She muttered, and one of the girls who seemed like the leader walked closer to her. 

    “Who do you think you are?” The girl asked, and Paulina immediately knew it was because of the scandal. 

    “Please… just let me through.” She managed to say. 

    “Oh. You think you own this school, hun? You transferred here three days ago, got bullied by Ava and ended in the supreme class. And then now, what? You went after Mike? You are such a fllrt compared to how you look.” The girl lashed, and Paulina let out a sigh. 

    “There must’ve been a misunderstanding.” Paulina said. 

    “What misunderstanding? Who are you precisely? Because I can’t find anything on that surname of yours?”

    “She is just a sIut, her mother could be a mistress and she curry some favor then ended up here.” A girl from the group said, and Paulina face twisted in anger. 

    “What did you say?” She asked, scaring them a little. 

   “You are a cheap sIut trying to seduce Mike.” The leader blurted, and Paulina slapped her. 
    “How dare you?!” The girl shouted and wanted to slap Paulina, but someone held her hand - they  turned to see its Sage. 

    “Sage.” Paulina called surprised to see him. She never knew he was also a student there. 

   “How dare you touch me?” The girl shouted, and Sage released her hand. 

     “Lina, are you ok?” He asked, and Paulina nodded. 

    “So you are truly a sIut. After a fling with Mike, you are here with another.”

    “Watch what you say, miss.” Sage said. 

    “Who are you to give me instructions? Do you know who I’m?”

    “I don’t have to know who you are to be able to tell that you are a loser that’s trying to seek attention.” He blurted, and the girl raised her hands to hit him, but he was quick to held it. 

    “Why is the road blocked?” They heard Micheal’s voice from behind. 

  They all flinched in fear and started to pave way expect Paulina and Sage. 

    “Lina, you dropped this last night.” Micheal said and showed her the bracelet. 

   Everyone eyes wide in shock, and Paulina went to collect it happily. She couldn’t sleep well all night thinking she lost it. 

    “Thank you, Mikey.” She said, and embraced him in gratitude leaving everyone in shock. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 Mikey, Mikey 😉
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER SEVEN. 7️⃣. 
.
   ❣️❣️The broadcast❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  Ava barged into Lia’s suite at school - Holland high is very accommodative, they prepare suites for few prestigious students from the supreme class worthy of it. Lia and her friends were able to secure the suite thanks to Ava who was there during their first year. but the MASS suite was extravagant among others. 

   “Who asked you to post that nonsense?” She shouted, and threw her phone at Lia.  

    “Relax, Ava. It wasn’t us.” Alicia said. 

    “Then who?” Ava uproar. 

    “It was Mike. I don’t know why he posted it, but it could only be him.” Lia rants. 

    “How did he get the footage?” Ava asked. 

     “He requested for it.” Lia muttered. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK to last night***
*
  Lia and Alicia were both on their phone after Rae and Ava left they divert their attention to their phones. They were engrossed on it when a maid came to inform them that Michael and Austin are there to see them. 

   “What? Did they forget something?” Lia wondered. 

     “Let’s go find out.” Alicia said. 

     “Just a minute.” Lia muttered, and started applying her makeup. 

     “What’s the fuss about?” Alicia said. 

    “Didn’t you hear? Mike and Austin are here. I can never be caught un-fresh.” Lia said, and Alicia rolled her eyes. 

   Lia took her time before going out to join them accompanied by Alicia. 

    “Hey, boys. Did you forgot something?” 

    “Kind of.” Austin replied. 

    “The footage from the room, I want the copy.” Micheal said, and they looked at him confused. 

    “What footage are you talking about?” Lia asked. 

    “Don’t play dumb. We merely came to a party, and you had me recorded. Why is a spy cam in  the guest room? Would you mind to explain that  in court?” Michael asked calmly, and they both batted their lashes nervously. 

    “What spy cam?” Alicia asked. 

     “Are we going to keep up the act?” Austin asked smiling broadly. 

    “Mike… I can explain. The camera was not meant to record you. I wouldn’t dare do such, I… it was meant for…”. Lia shuddered. 

   “I don’t care. Since I’m already recorded there, I need the footage and all the copies erased.”

    “I’ll do that now.”

    “Do you know expect me to trust your words?” Micheal asked, and Austin chuckled. 
*
  Lia went to get her laptop and erased the footage after sending it to Mike.

    “Is that the only copy?” Micheal asked. 

    “Yes.” 

    “It should better be.” He said, and his words almost sounded like a threat to her. 

    “That’s the only copy. I’ve no use for that anyways.” She blurted. 

    “Did you just raised your voice?” Austin asked, and she flinched. 

     “No, I was just trying to clear off the misunderstanding.”

     “I wonder what they plotted.” Austin grumbled, and the boys left. 

    “Gosh, that was close.” Lia lament. 

    “Should we have sent that to him?” Alicia asked. 

   “What? Do you expect me to go against Mike? We have no use for it anyways.” Lia blurted, and left angrily. 

    “Gosh, don’t pass your aggression on me.” Alicia shouted, trailing after her. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
Ava stormed out after Lia narrated everything, she made her way to the elevator and was surprised to see students gathered there, but they all paved way for her immediately they saw her, and she made her way to the front to see the shocking scene - Michael and Paulina hugging. 
*
  Paulina wanted to pull away when she realized hat she was doing, but Micheal hold her still to her surprise. 

    “Why? Did you suddenly regret it?” He whispered in her ears, and she flinched in fear. She wanted to pull away, but he held her tighter. “Mikey? I told you never to compare me with your childhood friend. How will you take responsibility for that?” He whispered, and she finally succeed in pulling away. 

    “I… I…”. She shuddered, and started to hiccup. 

  Everyone gasped, and Ava was equally stunned as well. 

    “Lina.” Sage called, and dragged her away. 
*
 She allowed him drag her to a quiet place as he pleased, before he released her. 

    “What’s between you and Mike?” He asked, and  she shook her head. 

    “Nothing.” She muttered, and he let out a sigh of relief. 

   “That’s a relief. So why were you two together last night?”

    “It was a long story.”

    “Are you gonna share?” He asked, and she looked at him. “It’s fine if you don’t want to share it. See you around.” He said and intend to leave but she held him back. 

    “I’ll share, but I’m late for class now. Can we discuss this later?” She asked, and he smiled.  

    “Yes, let’s discuss later.” He said all smiles. 

    “Your card.” She said, and wanted to take the card from her bag but he stopped her. 

     “When we meet later, I’m also running late.” He said, and she nodded. “See you.” With that he left, and she kept on staring at his retreating back. 

    “What a gentleman.” She thought. 

     “Are you ditching me for him?” She heard Michael’s voice from behind, and she gasped  before she looked at him. 

   He threw her a glare and she looked away immediately. 

    “What… ditch…”. She shuddered. 

    “You speak comfortably with him, but stammer when you are with me, even after we spent the night together.”  He said, and her eyes widened. 

   “Don’t emphasize it that way, we didn’t spend the night together.” She said. 

     “But we were both locked up in a room together, and A.L.O.N.E.” He said, emphasizing his last word. 

    “Come on, we both know it’s not the way it seems.”

    “So, how exactly was it? Do you mind to explain?”

    “Goodness, Mike. So you talk this much?”

   “You will get to know more about me later, but for now, let’s go to class.”

    “Who says I’m going to class with you?”

     “But we are heading same way.”

     “No, we aren’t. I’m heading to the principal’s office.”

     “To explain the situation?”

     “What situation?” She shouted, and ran off. 

  He laughed staring at her retreating back, and his friends joined him. 

    “Mike, what have gotten into you?” Stanley  asked. 
     
    “I’m also stunned, man. We went to get the footage from Lia together, he told me he was going to get back at Ava with it somehow. I didn’t even ask how, but he posted that instead, and here he is playing lovey-dovey with Miss Scholar.” Austin said, and Stanley patted Micheal’s shoulder. 

    “You know you can trust us, man.” Stanley said. 

    “I’m simply getting back at Ava.” Michael muttered staring at Paulina’s retreating back till she was out of sight. 

    “How is this getting back at Ava? You are just fllrting with miss scholar.”  Austin shouted. 

    “Did you see the look on Ava’s face earlier?” Micheal asked. 

    “You stole the show, I didn’t even see Ava.” Austin blurted. 

    “She was pissed.” Micheal muttered. 

    “So?” Austin asked. 

    “Ava loathe Lina for some reasons, and want to get her out of her way. If Lina is under my shield, Ava won’t succeed. How does that sounds?” Michael asked. 

    “Stupld! It doesn’t make sense.” Austin blurted. 

    “I second Austin.” Stanley added. 

    “I was the one who was heartbroken, I was the one who got dumped, so I’ll get back at her the way I see fit.” Micheal said. 

    “I don’t think that’s what you are doing. I think there is more to this.” Stanley said, and Austin let out a sigh. 

    “Austin, we don’t want to be late.” Michael said, and Austin let out a sigh before they all went after him.  
**
**
  Jayden (the scholarship student) went to the principal’s office with his transfer letter, and the principal looked at him. 

    “Mr. Rodriguez, are you sure you’ve made up your mind?” The principal asked, and he nodded. 

    “You are the longest scholarship student in this school, so it’s a shame that it will end this way when you only have less than a session left.” The principal said, and he bowed slightly. 

    “I’m sorry, sir .” He said, and the principal shook his head. 

    “If you’ve made up your mind, I’ll process your transfer.” The principal said, and the door slugs opened - they both looked back and saw Micheal. 
    “Mr. Russ.” The principal called, and stood up immediately. 

    “We won’t process the transfer, Jayden.” Micheal said, and they both looked at him. 

   “Sir… it seems like he has made up his mind.” The principal said. 

    “You can’t run away, Jayden. I won’t let you. You have always known your place, that’s why you could last this long here. But since you decided to cross the line, you should take responsibility for your actions. We won’t process your transfer, so if you want to run, you can drop out instead.” Micheal said, and Jayden looked at him. 

  The principal returned the transfer letter and Jayden collected it in fear. 

   “That will be all Mr. Cruz.” With that Micheal left, and the principal bowed till he was out of sight. 
**
**
The students gossiped about Micheal and Paulina dating, and Paulina tried to ignore them all with believe that they would forget about it in due time. 

  The first teacher left the class, and two girls went to Paulina. 

    “Hi  Pauli, we’ve been classmates but I don’t think we have introduced ourselves officially. I’m Laura Henshaw.”
   
    “And I’m Cherry Kim.” 

  They introduced, and Paulina  exchanged greetings with them. They were part of the girls who wanted to attack her earlier, and she started wondering what made them change their mind. 

  They kept pestering her with questions, and blabbering on what she wasn’t interested in until the MASS entered the class and everyone composed themselves. 

   Austin waved at her, and her eyes widened in shock wondering why the notorious Austin would wave at her. Even if everyone started acting friendly because they thought she was dating Michael, his friends should be an expectational. 

   The rest of the classes went on, and she hurried out of the class during recess as usual. 

   She went out of the elevator, and was startled  to see Sage. 

    “Hi, Lina.” He waved all smiles, and she smiled back. 
*
  Paulina led him to the cafeteria rooftop and he looked around before going to sit. 

    “Seems like you had your hangout as well.” He said, and she chuckled. 

    “Your card.” She said, and wanted to take it from her bag but he held her hand. 

    “Let me hear the long story first.” He said, and she nodded. 

  She sat next to him, and narrated everything that happened in the room leaving nothing behind. 

    “What? They did that? Are you sure you are fine? Did Mike hurt you?” He asked touching her worriedly, and she held his hand. 

   “I’m fine, Sage. You don’t have to worry about me.”

    “Those girls are really something else. How could they do such to you?”

    “They h@te me that much. But I’m really ok.” She assured 

    “That’s a relief.” He muttered, and embraced her. 

    “Lina, were you waiting for me?” Sophia shouted joining them, and they disengaged immediately. “What’s goi…”. She was saying when they heard a broadcast. 

  🎤”Hi everyone, this is Mike. The purpose of this announcement is to address the pictures posted on the bulletin board. I’ve already taken measures, and the post has been removed so I request our cooperation to cease the rumors completely. Paulina and I were victims of the spy cam, and there is nothing more to the pictures spreading around. Meanwhile, I’m also going to press charges against those behind it. For those who have reshared the pictures to their personal blog, I advise removing it within 12 hours before I take legal measures, and all rumors must stop. Whoever talks about this again will face the school panel and be punished accordingly. I will round up my speech with this; there is nothing between Paulina and I, but she is a very special  person to me.”

  With that the broadcast ended, and Sophia hanged her month opened looking at Paulina who was also taken aback by the announcement. 
*
*
  <<<<YEARS AGO>>>>
*
  Paul took Charlotte to his house because it was closer to the place they were. 

  As they arrived she looked around, and Grace rushed downstairs wrapped only in a towel. 

     “Paul, who is she?” Grace blurted, and they both smiled. 

    “Grace, it’s me, Charlotte.” Charlotte said, and Grace eyes widened. 

    “Oh, Charlotte.” Grace called, and they both embraced each other. “What a wonderful surprise.” She added. 

    “I’ve missed you so much, Grace. How’ve you been?”

    “I’ve been good, but I doubt if you actually missed me.”

    “Come on, I’ve missed you all.” Charlotte said and embraced her again. 

    “Grace, what are you doing here?” Paul asked, and Grace looked at him. 

    “Is that the way to speak to your friend?” Grace blurted. 

    “I’m just surprised. You didn’t tell me you were coming.” Paul said. 

    “My water pipe broke.” She replied. 

    “So?” He asked and she was taken aback. 

    “So? Is that all you can say? My water pipe broke how do you expect me to survive without water?” 

    “You could simply get it fixed. And you should change your engineer, it also broke three weeks ago.”

    “Yeah. I already ask a friend to get me a reliable engineer. But I’ve to leave till it’s fixed.”

    “You could simply lounge in ahotel.”

   “Why should I when my friend have a big house?” She shouted. 

    “You know you are always welcomed here, but people are getting the wrong idea.”

    “Who cares about what other people say? And I doubt if I’m truly welcomed. I should just go to a hotel now.” She blurted, and intend to leave but Charlotte held her back. 

    “Why are you taking this the wrong way?” Paul blurted. 

    “Why? Is there a new girl? You are always this way when you get attracted to a new girl.” She shouted. 

    “You really know how to start an argument.” Paul blurted. 

   “I will go to a hotel since my best friend of almost two decades can’t accommodate me because of what others will say?” Grace shouted, and intend to leave but Charlotte stopped  her. 

    “Come on, Paul we could just have a reunion dinner together.” Charlotte said, and Paul smiled. 

   Grace rolled her eyes, and forced a smile. “Come with me Charlotte, we’ve a lot of things to catch up on.” Grace said, grabbing charlotte’s arm and dragging her along. 

    “We all have things to catch up on.” Paul shouted, trailing after them. 
*
  Charlotte went to boyfriend’s house when she left Paul’s house the following day. She had a long night chattering with Grace and Paul. Although Grace was a little distant but they all shared a memorable night together. She had to leave early because her boyfriend that kept on pestering  her with calls so she left to pay him a surprise visit. 

  She entered his apartment and wasn’t surprised to see the house messy - his house is alway a pigsty whenever she didn’t drop by to tidy it up, and she had been busy with school work. She let out a sigh, and started putting everything in place when she saw female accessories on his cabin. 

   “Who owns this?” She thought. 

  She went to the bedroom and gasped when she saw her boyfriend on the bed with two women- obviously wh0res that he picked up from the club. 

    “Kelvin.” She called, and he turned on the bed before looking at her. 

   “Charlotte.” He called reluctantly and she stormed out without uttering a word. 

   She left his house when she phone started  ringing,  and she picked up immediately without checking the caller ID.  

   📲*Charlotte, where are you?  Did you left already?*
   📞*Paul?*
   📲*Charlotte, are you ok? What happened to you?*
   📞*He cheated on me.*. She cried, and her phone fell off her hand.

    She broke down in tears, and the passerby began  muttering  words to themselves but she ignored them all until Paul showed up. 

    “Charlotte, are you ok?” He asked rushing to her. 

   “Paul.” She called in tears, and he embraced her. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
What’s Mike plotting with all these? 🤔
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER NINE.9️⃣. 
.
   ❣️❣️The broadcast II❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  Lia and her friends dragged Jayden to knee on a rooftop in the school, there Ava stood waiting for them. 

   “Please… please have mercy.” He cried. 

    “He wanted to transfer.” Lia said, and Ava smirked. 

     “You want to transfer, then go ahead.” She blurted, and kicked his stomach sending him straight to the floor 

     “I… I…” He shuddered. 

    “We aren’t done yet, Jayden. So why did you want to run off?” Ava teased. 

  She bend low to his level, and hit his head on the floor vigorously. 

    “Ava, what should we do with him?” Lia asked. 

    “I would give him a chance to take responsibility for his actions. He should jump off.” Ava said, and their eyes widened. 

  Jayden looked at her in fear, and tears flow freely down his face. 

    “Ava, isn’t that too much?” Alicia asked, and the others gave her a warning look. 

    “Then, you can make it easier by pushing him.” Ava said, and Alicia flinched in fear. 

    was about to add her comment when they heard Micheal’s broadcast. 

    “What? Sue us? How dare he say he would take legal actions when he was the one that posted that himself?” Lia shouted. 

    “What do we do now?” Alicia asked. 

   “This is Mike’s way of getting back at us.” Rae said. 

   “That piece of trash is trying to get his best moments from this.” Ava muttered, and they both looked at her. 

   “What do we do now, Ava? If he takes legal actions, I’m screwed.” Lia whined. 

   “Mike knows better than taking legal action against the only daughter of the chairman of KSB news, I’m sure it’s all for show.” Ava said. 

    “What if he meant it?” Lia asked. 

    “Then you take responsibility, it’s your house and your party. You were also the one that shared the video with him.” Ava blurted. 

    “What? How could you say such? It was all your idea.” Rae shouted. 

    “Do you’ve prove?” Ava fired back. 

     “Ava…”. Lia called in a sober voice. 

    “You peasant, I already gave you my condition, it’s either you take it now or you are forced to later  on. Too bad, your grandmother loves you so much, and your parents have a lot of expectations for you. Would you go after your grandmother leaves? My foundation is the one sponsoring her treatment so it’s easy to send her off.” Ava said, and Jayden couldn’t control his tears. 

    “No, please don’t hurt my grandmother.” He cried and hold her legs, but she kicked his hands off forcefully sending him back to the floor. 

    “I’ve no use for you again, so just seize your chance now.” Ava said, and intend to leave but Alicia held her back. 

    “Ava, rather than that, I’ve a better idea.” Alicia said. 

    “Split it.” Ava blurted. 

    “We could just let him take all the blames. Austin saw him in that room, so he could as well take responsibility for everything, that way Lia would be spared.” Alicia said, and they all nodded. 

    “Seems like you would still be of use, but if you fail this time, you must disappear from my sight  forever.” Ava muttered before leaving.   
**
**
Paulina, Sage and Sophia left the rooftop and Sophia dragged Paulina away from Sage. 

    “Lina, who is he?” She whispered. 

    “A friend.” 

    “What sort of friend? When did you two met?” 

    “It’s a long story, Sophie. And besides he is right behind us.” 

    “Who cares? I’m strongly against him.” Sophia shouted, and Paulina looked at her. 

    “What are you talking about?” Paulina asked. 

   “Nothing, but I’m against him.”

     “You don’t even know him, neither do you know what you are against.” Paulina teased. 

     “Fine, and I’ll get to know him now.” Sophia blurted, and went to Sage who was walking behind them. “Hey, can I know you?” She asked, and Paulina looked at her. 

    “Sophie.” She called. 

   “Sure. I’m Sage Greenwood.” He said, and stretched his hand for a shake. 

   “Sage Greenwood? The only son of Judge Patrica, and grandson of the world best attorney Louis Narson. Sage Greenwood, is that you?” She shouted, and he chuckled softly. 

   Paulina widened her eyes agape wondering how Sophia knew so much information about everyone. 

    “Yes, it’s a pleasure meeting you.” He said, and stretched his hand. 

    “Nooooo, no, no. The pleasure is mine.” She said, and received his hand with a bow. 

     “And you are?” 

    “I’m Sophia, you can’t know my last name.” She said, and he nodded. 

    “It’s nice meeting you.”

    “Are you a new student? Because I didn’t know a Greenwood attend this school.”

    “Yes, I resumed today.” He said, and Paulina looked at him. 

    “You are a new student?” Paulina said. 

    “Yeah.”

    “You never mentioned that.”

    “You didn’t ask.”

     “Why did you transfer?” Paulina asked. 

     “Because I need to get my card back, and I don’t know how else we can meet again.” He said, and she looked at him in bewilderment. 

    “You must belong to the supreme class.” Sophia said, and he shook his head. 

     “No.” He muttered. 

    “What?” Sophia shouted. “But you are a Greenwood, how could you belong to a lesser class?” Sophia asked. 

    “I don’t know.” He replied. 

   “That’s nonsense, you should be in the supreme class. You are the only grandson of the world best lawyer, that’s ridiculous.” Sophia shouted. 

    “Why are you getting angry?” Paulina asked teasingly. 

    “Let me see your ID.” She said, and checked his card. “So you are in the middle class.” 

     “I guess.” 

    “This is nonsense, you should be in the supreme class.” She said, and he chuckled. 

    “I’m pleased with whatever class I’m, at least I got to attend the school.” He said, and Sophia looked at him in shock. 

     “Sophie, we should go to class. The bell giggled already.” Paulina said. 

    “This doesn’t make sense, you should do something about that.” Sophia said before leaving. 

     “I’m sorry about that, Sophia can be a handful at times.” Paulina said, and Sage chuckled. 

    “She is a funny one.” He said. 

     “We should go to class.” She said, and he nodded. 

    “Does it also bother you that I’m not in the supreme class? The school requested for some donations, I could still do it now.”

    “No, it’s fine. Why waste money just to make it to that class. There is nothing special there. I wish I could even leave.”

     “Why?” He asked. 

    “I don’t consider that a class.” She muttered, and he laughed. 

  They continued on their way, and he wrapped his hand around her shoulder. They got to the elevator, and saw the MASS inside. 

  Paulina’s eyes widened in shock, and she pushed Sage inside the elevator and ran off. 

    “Wait, Lina.” Sage shouted, and Micheal closed the elevator. 
*
  The MASS glared at Sage, and he managed to wave at them awkwardly before looking away. 

    “You must be Sage Greenwood.” Micheal said, and the nodded. 

    “Yeah, buddy. It’s a pleasure that you recognized me. We always meet at parties, but I never knew you noticed me.” Sage said, and Micheal chuckled. 

   “I don’t care about your existence. Your ID said it all.” Micheal said, and Austin laughed. 

     “Oh.” Sage muttered. 

   “Middle class?” Stanley blurted looking at the ID card.  

    “What? You are a low class and dares to talk to us!” Austin shouted. 

    “No, you talked to me first.” He said, and they all looked at him. 

    “Who do you think you are?” Austin shouted. 

   “Sage Greenwood.” Sage said, and patted Austin’s shoulder. “I’m getting off here, my floor.” With that, he pressed the elevator button and get off. 

    “Gosh… that low class got guts.” Austin shouted, and threw a fist. 

    “Why is he in the middle class? The Greenwood are influential people.” Stanley said. 

    “Why was he with Lina?” Micheal grumbled, and they all looked at him. 

     “What did you say?” Austin asked, unable to believe his hears. 

     “It’s time to get off.” Micheal said, and went out of the elevator, while they trailed behind him. 

     “Mike, did you seriously said that earlier, or I was hallucinating?” Austin asked, trying to catch his pace. 

    Michael ignored him till they got to their class and the students composed themselves immediately they entered. 

    “Hey, Lina. Spare me a minute.” He said, and everyone looked at him. 

    “The teacher.” Paulina said pointing at the teacher who just entered the class. 

    “Excuse us for a moment.” Michael said, and the teacher bowed slightly before leaving. “She is gone, now come with me.” With that he dragged
 her out leaving everyone in shock. His friends wanted to follow, but he signaled them to stay back. 
*
  Micheal dragged Paulina out of the class, and she forcefully freed herself from him. 

    “What do you want from me?” She blunted out. 

    “Don’t be too aggressive. You should be glad that I’m giving you a chance to be close to me.”

    “I don’t need it, so use it for someone else.” She blurted, and turned to leave. 

    “You aren’t like this that day. What’s giving you guts? Is it that Sage guy or whatever his name is called.” Micheal shouted. 

    “Take Sage out of this. And what are you even getting worked up over?” She asked, and he ran his hand through his hair in frustration. 

    “Listen, Lina, I’m just trying to protect you from Ava. She might have failed now, but she won’t back off. She can be more dangerous than she seems.” He said holding her, and she freed herself from him forcefully.  

   “So?”

    “So?” He asked back in confusion. 

   “Why do you care?” She asked, and he let out a sigh. 

    “Listen to me, Lina…-“. He was saying when they heard a broadcast. 

   🎤*Hello everyone, I apologize for distracting us with this sudden announcement. I’m Jayden Rodriguez  and I want to put everything back in place. I was the one behind the spy cam that recorded Michael Russ and Paulina, the camera was supposed to record Paulina and I together. Paulina and I have been in a relationship before she transferred here, and we intend to meet up in that room and record our blissful moment together but Micheal showed up and ruined everything. I didn’t intend to record Micheal, who am I to dare? Mind you, Paulina isn’t an elite as we all think, she received a special scholarship. I apologize for all the rumors spreading around,  and I’ll take full responsibility for my ac…-“. 

  The broadcast ended, and Paulina shook her head. Micheal looked at her equally taken aback, and she continued shaking her head. 

    “I… I don’t know who he is, I don’t know what he is talking about.” She said, and Mike made a fist before leaving, leaving her dumbfounded. 
*
  Paulina went to the cafeteria rooftop, she couldn’t bring herself to return to class after Michael left. She felt completely lost, she could already tell that the broadcast was schemed by Ava but she couldn’t think of a way to clear her name. The principal can’t stand up for her, neither will the student believe her. 

 She sat there till school dismissed, then she started contemplating either to leave now or not when she felt a presence, and she looked up to see Sage. 

   “Sage.” She called. 
     
   “Lina, I was looking all over for you, I knew I’d find you here.” He said, and walked closer to her. 

    “You were looking for me? Why?” She asked, with hopes that he came to comfort her. . 

    “You still have my card.” He replied, and her face fell in disappointment. 

   “Oh, yeah. I should’ve returned it earlier.” She said, and wanted to get the card from her bag but he held her hand. 

    “Are you ok?” He asked, and she shook her head before breaking down in tears. 

   “It was all lies.” She cried, and he embraced her. 

   “I know. I believe you.” He muttered, patting her gently. 

    “But no one would believe me.” She cried harder, and he disengaged from the embrace. 

  “Who cares?” He asked, and she looked at him. “What matters is that you aren’t guilty, either others believe you or not shouldn’t stop you from standing up for yourself.” He said, and helped her wipe her tears with his handkerchief. 

    “Thank you, Sage.” She muttered, and he held her hand. 

    “You should go out there and defend yourself, I got your back.” He said, and she looked at him. 

   “Lina, tell me it’s not true.” Sophia shouted joining them. “Oh, Sage is also here.” She added, and started  adjusting her hair. 

   “It’s not true, Sophie.” Paulina muttered, and Sophia went to embrace her. 

     “I knew it, I know you could never sloop so low.” Sophia said. “The nerve of that, Jayden. He even dare to call you a special scholar. Wait… are you real..-“. She was saying, but Sage cut in. 

    “…-that’s enough, Sophia. It won’t help her feel better.” Sage said, and Sophia nodded. 

   “I got your back, Lina, I trust you.” Sophia said, and Paulina managed to smile. 

    “Thank you guys, I’m so glad to be friends with  you guys.” She said, and they both embraced her at a time. 

    “We got this, Lina. Let’s go.” Sage said, and they both held her, and together they left. 
*
  They all get to the hallway and students gathered around them. A student threw cake at Paulina, but Sage blocked it and got stained instead. 

    “Sage.” Paulina called. 

    “It’s fine.” He muttered. 

   “Look who we have here.” They heard Ava voice, and all the students paved way for her as she matched forward with her friends. 

    “Sage.” Alicia called, and wanted to go to Sage but Lia held her back. 

    “The low life parasite who thought she got lucky is here with her fellow musketeers. You Pretentious peasant!” Ava shouted, and wanted to kick her but Sage held her leg while everyone gasped. “Let me go!” She shouted, and he dropped her leg carelessly making her fall to the floor. 

    “Ava.” The LAR shouted, and ran to her. 

    “I can get up on my own.” She shouted, and stood up immediately. “You… you are going to pay for this. The both of you.” She threatened. 

    “What has she done so wrong to you? Does having a special scholarship made her a loser?” Sage shouted. 

    “Then what does that make her?” Ava fired back. 

     “It makes you the loser, because you think you have  everything under control, and that is only agreeable among losers.” He blurted, and she wanted to slap him but he held her hand. 

    “Let me go.” She shouted. 

    “What if I don’t?” He teased, and she forcefully freed herself 

  She looked at him for a while and chuckled. “I’m willing to let this all go, Sage.”

   “You even know my name.” He muttered, and scoffed. 

    “I’m willing to let her go and act like she doesn’t exist in as much as she doesn’t get on my nerves, and I’ll also clear off any sort of misunderstanding.”

    “On what condition?” Sage asked. 

    “You knee to me.” She said, and everyone gasped. 

    “And if I don’t?” He blurted. 

    “I’ll ensure her scholarship is over, and her life will be over along with Jayden’s.” She blurted. 

    “Don’t, Sage, don’t.” Alicia whispered, and Lia gave her a warning look. 

     “You don’t have to get involved, Sage.” Paulina said. 

    “I thought school dismissed already.” They heard Michael’s voice from behind. 

  Everyone kept mute and started paving way for the MASS. 

    “What’s going on here?” Michael asked, and Ava glared at him. 

    “Stay out of this, Mike.” Ava blurted, and Micheal chuckled. 

    “I thought I made myself clear to everyone, Lina is special to me so nobody dares to hurt her.” He muttered, and everyone gasped. 

   👤”This is about to get wild.” The students mumbled awaiting the drama. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 It’s about to get wild indeed. 😁
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER TEN.🔟 
.
   ❣️❣️Friends, not gang.❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
   <<<<<<YEARS AGO>>>>>
*
  Paul took Charlotte to his house, and Grace went downstairs to join them. 

  “Charlotte, I thought you left first.” Grace said. 

   “Grace, read the room.” Paul said, and Grace gave him a look. 

    “What?” She whispered, and Paul let out a sigh. 

    “I’ll go get you a cup of coffee.” Paul said, and dragged Grace away. 

   Charlotte was staring into space when Paul returned with the cup of coffee. 

    “Thank you.” Charlotte muttered, and slipped a little for the coffee. 

   “Don’t mention it. You should stay here till yo..-“ Paul was saying, but Grace cut in. 

   “…- Charlotte, you should come stay with me. Paul told me everything, I’m really sorry about it.” Grace said. 

   “Grace, but you said your pipe broke.” Paul said. 

   “I already got it fixed.” 

   “Wow. It’s so fast this time, it took close to two weeks the last time.” He said. 

    “Yeah, my friend engineer is so fast. It must’ve be really hard on you.” Grace said, and went to embrace Charlotte who began to cry again. 
*
  Paul gave them a ride to Grace’s house later in the afternoon, and he stayed back till it’s late before he started preparing to leave. 

   “You have never stayed this long at my place, I believe I owe this pleasure to Charlotte.” Grace said, and Paul chuckled. 

    “How many times wil you repeat that? I should leave now. Once Charlotte wake up..-“

   “…- I’ll take care of her, so leave. Trust me, she is my friend too.” Grace said, and Paul nodded before leaving. 

  Grace let out a sigh when he left, and she went to glare at Charolette who was already fast asleep. 

   “You left year ago, only for you to appear again when I was finally getting my chance.” She grumbled, and Charlotte turned on the bed. “What’s even special about her?” She blurted, and jammed the door hard before leaving. 
*
*
  <<<BACK TO PRESENT>>>
*
 HOLLAND HIGH^^^
*
 Michael went to the principal’s office in anger after listening to Jayden’s broadcast. 
 
 The principal stood up upon seeing him, already expecting the worst. 

    “Who was behind it?” He asked, and the principal breath in heavily to be able to respond. “Answer me! Jayden wouldn’t dare to go into that room to announce that nonsense, who was behind it?” 

    “Mr. Russ, we’re interrogating the broadcast crew, we will get to the bottom of this, sir.”

    “Let me have the list of the crew members.” He said, and the principal gave him a file. 

  He opened the file, and the first member he saw was Rae so he closed the file. 

    “I want you to hold the team leader accountable.” He said, and returned the file. 

    “Sir? Rae Brown ?” 

    “Yes. Rae Brown, she should be held accountable.” With that he left the office. 

He returned to class and his friends rushed to him ignoring the teacher in class. 

   “Mike, where were you?” Stanley asked. 

   “Did you heard the broadcast?” Austin asked. 

    “I’m not deaf. Where is Lina?” He asked after looking around. 

    “I’m not her keeper.” Austin blurted. 

    “Weren’t  you two together? She didn’t return after you both left earlier.” Stanley said. 

  Michael left out a sigh and took the exit, followed by his friends before the teacher resumed her teaching. 
*
  They went to their suite, and Austin let out a sigh wondering why  Micheal was getting so worked up because of Paulina. 

    “We’ve to find who put Jayden up to that.” Michael said, and Austin made a fist before throwing a tantrum. 

    “For what reason?” Austin blurted. 

   “What do you mean? This also involves me. I was recorded in that video.”

    “Exactly! You were recorded, and Jayden came out to be held accountable. You stick to taking actions for that, not digging into what doesn’t concerns us.” 

    “I agree with Austin, we shouldn’t involve ourselves with Miss scholar’s problems, we should find another way to get back at Ava.” Stanley said. 

    “Is this all about getting back at Ava, or you’ve formed a bond with Miss scholar after getting locked up together?” Austin blurted. 

    “Mike, you shouldn’t get involved with that girl. Trying to get Ava this way also means attacking Lia, Alicia, and Rae. And that won’t be good for us.” Stanley said. 

    “She is very special to me.” Austin said, mimicking Michael’s voice. 

    “That’s enough, Austin.”

    “You don’t have to get involved if you are scared.” Micheal blurted, and stood up. 

   “What’s so special about that girl? What’s making you go out of your way to help her even if it might lead to a ruckus? What aren’t you telling us, Mike?” Austin shouted

   “Stan, are you in, or you against me as well?” Micheal asked. 

     “For f¥ck sake., Mike! Have you completely lost it? Those girls were our friends.” Austin shouted. 

    “That’s your last warning, Austin. If you aren’t on this with me, then stay out of it completely.” Michael said taking Austin aback. “Stan, are you with me or not?” He shouted, and Stanley let out a sigh. 

    “It hasn’t gotten to this, Mike. We’re friends, we will alway have each other’s back.” 

    “Friends? Are we really friends?” Austin blurted, and took the exit.

    “Austin.” Micheal whispered staring at his retreating back. 

     “He is just whining now, he will reconsider.” Stanley said, and patted Michael’s back. 

     “We should leave him out of this.” Micheal said, and Stanley exhaled heavily.
     
     “Should I get Jayden to take back his speech?” Stanley asked hoping that changes the topic. 

    “No, that will be of no use. If he claim that he put that camera there, then he should provide the complete footage, and be held accountable for his actions.”

    “I’m sure Ava put him up to it. How could she be so dauntless to lie about such?” Stanley said. 

    “She is just trying to hit all birds with one stone.” Micheal muttered. 

   “I was able to get something on Miss scholar, she transferred from a small village by the countryside, she was adopted by the Stanford’s after she lost her mother in an accident.” Stanley said, and Micheal looked at him; his expression was sad, but he was quick to compose himself. 

   “That’s sad.” He said, trying to act reluctant. 

    “She is a complete parasite.” Stanley said, and Micheal looked at him. “She is leaching off the Stanford’s, that’s why Ava h@tes her this much. We would’ve done the same if we were in Ava’s shoes, we shouldn’t get too involved with her.” Stanley said, and Micheal’s eyes turned in furry. 

    “Don’t mention that name in front of me again.” He shouted startling Stanley. 

    “You scared me Mike.”

   “Don’t ever mention that name to my face ever again. And her shoe can never fit me.” With that Michael left. 

  Stanley shook his head and turned to Steven. “We are going through a lot man, we should go relive some stress.” He said, and they both went to play games. 
**
**
  Ava and her friends went to their suite in  jubilation and Rae excused herself when she was summoned by the principal. 

  She returned angrily later, and they both got alarmed. 

    “Babe, what happened?” Lia asked. 

   “I’m getting suspended.” She said, and they all looked at her expect Ava who was engrossed on her phone. 

    “What?” Lia and Alicia shouted. 

    “For what reason?” Lia asked. 

    “For letting an outsider into the broadcast room.”

    “What? But why would you be hold responsible for that? Anyone in the broadcasting community has access to that room.” Alicia said. 

     “Exactly! But the cctv camera captured me entering the room.”

   “The principal checked that?” Lia asked in surprise. 

    “I’m sure Mike is behind this, he meant it when he said that girl was special to him, we should have known better.” Rae muttered, getting Ava attention. 

    “If Mike was behind that, then he won’t stop. He would get Jayden to tell the truth, and we will all be at a disadvantage.” Ava said, and their face fell.  

    “What do we do now? This is worst than taking responsibility for the spy cam.” Lia whined. 

   “Do you really think Mike would go this far just for that peasant?” Alicia grumbled, and they all looked at her. 

    “We shouldn’t let our guards down, Mike can be really unpredictable.” Ava said, and took the exit. 

   “What do I do now? I’m suspended.” Rae lament. 

   “Good for you girl, you won’t be involved in the drama that would happen later.” Alicia said. 

    “Oh, now I wish I could also get suspended.” Lia lamented. 
**
**
  Austin returned to the MASS suite later and Stanley rushed to him. 

   “Buddy, I was lonely without you.” Stanley whined, and Austin pushed him away. 

    “Where is Mike?” He asked. 

   “Working, in his study.” Stanley whispered, and Austin went to the study. 

  He stormed into the study, and Micheal turned around in anger. They always give him privacy whenever he is in his study. 

   “Austin.” He called in delighted. 

    “Ava threaten Jayden with his sick grandmother and family welfare, it won’t be easy to get to take back his words.” Austin said, and Micheal embraced him. 

    “At the end, Austin. We were friends after all.” Stanley said, and he joined in the embrace. 

   They gestured Steven to join in, and it became a group hug. 

    “We aren’t a group with a leader as everyone assumes, we’re friends who got each other’s back even when we aren’t really pleased with our decision.” Michael thought happily. 
*
  They all sat together to play a video game, Micheal joins them in playing games only on rare occasions, so they took advantage of the situation until Stanley was out, and he went to press his phone while rooting for them until he divert his attention fully to his phone. 

    “Guys, Ava is at it again.” Stanley shouted. 

   “You lie, Stan. If you are trying to get me with that, you lie.” Austin laughed. 

   “She is bullying Miss scholar” Stanley said, and Micheal threw the remote away immediately rushing out. 
 
   “Mike, wait up.” The others shouted and ran after him. 
*
  They all rushed to the scene together and everyone paved way for them. 

    “What’s going on here?” Michael asked, and Ava glared at him. 

    “Stay out of this, Mike.” Ava blurted, and Micheal chuckled. 

   “I thought I made myself clear to everyone, Lina is special to me so nobody dares to hurt her.” He muttered, and everyone gasped. 

   👤”This is about to get wild.” The students mumbled awaiting the drama. 

    “Let’s get out of here, Lina.” Sage said, grabbing Paulina’s arm and dragging her out. 

   👤 “What? Did she just left with another man?” The students galaxies. 

    “What now, buddy?” Austin asked trying to hide in laughters. 

  Ava chuckled in mockery and left followed by her friends. 

  Micheal stood there staring blankly and Austin shakes his head. 

   “We should leave man.” Stanley said, and wrapped his hand around Mike’s shoulder; leading him away. 
*
  Sage led Paulina to his car, and Sophia joined them. 

   “That was so close.” Sophia exclaimed. 

    “Sophia, I think Lina needs to rest now, I’ll take her home.” Sage said. 

    “Oh, yeah… you should.” Sophia said. 

    “Don’t worry guys, I’ll be fine.” Paulina muttered. 

    “Don’t ever say you are fine when someone offers you a ride. A young handsome guy at that.” Sophia said, and Sage laughed. 

   “Thanks for the comment, Sophia.” Sage said. 

   “Sophie, call me Sophie instead. My driver is here, gotta run.”

    “Bye, Sophie.” They both chorused, and Sophia waved before running off. 

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

    “Don’t worry, I’ll just drive you out of school, you can find your way from there.” Sage said, and she looked at him. 

    “What are you going to do about the stain on your uniform?” She asked, and he chuckled. 

     “Oh, I already forgot. I shout trash this.” He said, and removed the jacket before trashing it in the bin. 

    “What? You are going to trash that?” She shouted. 

    “What else? It’s stained.” 

     “Goodness, Sage.” She shouted, and went to take it. 

    “What? You picked that back from the garbage.”

   “This is no garbage, you just threw away such an expensive jacket.”

    “I have more than a dozen at home.” 

    “Even though, if you get trash each after any stain, you would be out of that dozens in no time.”

   “What are you going to do with that now?”

    “I’ll have it dry-cleaned for you.”

    “If you insist, your wish. But you would’ve saved the trouble.”

    “It’s no trouble, once it’s washed properly, it would be as good as new.” She said, and he nodded. 
     
    “I’m really going to learn a lot from you.” He said, and she chuckled 
**
**
  Micheal let out a sigh and looked at Austin who didn’t stop blabbering about what happened earlier, emphasizing on how Paulina left with another man after Micheal stand up for her. 

   “That’s enough already, Austin.” Stanley blurted already fed up. 

    “Mike, leave that girl alone and let’s find another way to get back at Ava. Miss scholar’s boyfriend will always hover around her, and it’s gonna make us look pathetic.” Austin said, and Stanley let out a sigh. 

    “I said that’s enough. I’ve even lost count on how many times I sighed today because of this.” Stanley lashed. 

    “Do you think he is her boyfriend.?” Micheal muttered talking for the first time since they were there - obviously, that’s the only word he heard. 

    “Are you bothered about that right now?” Austin asked in amusement. 

    “I doubt if you are already dating, because the party was the first time they met, and he is a new student, he obviously transferred because of her.” Stanley said, and Micheal looked at him. 

    “He is so annoying. Who cares if he is a Greenwood or whatsoever, he is a middle class peasant, and he dares to interfere in our game.” Austin blurted. 

    “If they first met at the party, I doubt if he is her boyfriend.” Micheal muttered, and their eyes widened in shock. 

   “Mike!” They both chorused. 

    “Are you being serious right now?” Stanley asked. 

    “Of course. If I want to use Lina to get back at Ava, her boyfriend will be a nuisance In our plan.” Micheal said trying to sound convincing. 

   “Are you sure that’s what this is all about?” Stanley asked, and Michael scoffed. 

   “What else? Don’t tell me you think I like to associate with a low life like her. I thought you guys knew me better.”

   “I thought the same, but now I doubt.” Stanley grumbled. 

    “Either he is her boyfriend or not, he is going to get in our way, we have to get rid of him to be able to use her.” Austin said, and they both looked at him. 

    “How do we do that?” Micheal asked. 

    “I don’t know, but that seems like our only way. That guy is so annoying.”  Austin said, and they nodded in agreement. 

    “You are right, he always piss me off as well.” Micheal muttered. 
    
    “Getting him to transfer should be a piece of cake.” Austin said, and Stanley shook his head. 

    “He is the only grandson Louis Narson the best lawyer in the world, and also the former dean of the best law school in England. He retired last year, and now he is the president’s most respected legal advisor, and mentor. Do you think it’s that easy to get him to transfer?” Stanley said, and their eyes widen. 

    “If his grandfather is that meticulous, why is he in the middle class?” Michael asked. 

   “That is his maternal grandfather, the problem must be from his parents.” Austin said. 

    “I doubt. The Greenwood’s have been know for almost a century as great agricultural businessmen, they own thriving agricultural industry in California, his father Peter Greenwood is the chairman, and his mother Patrica Narson Greenwood is a famous judge in the Supreme Court.”  Stanley said, and Austin scoffed. 

    “What’s the point? Her son couldn’t even meet the supreme class.” Austin said, and they all laughed by his translation. 

    “So why is he in the middle class?” Stanley muttered. 

    “There must’ve been a problem somewhere.” Micheal muttered, and they all nodded. 

    “In summary, we shouldn’t mess with him.” Austin said, and Stanley patted his shoulder. 

    “You are quick, bro.” Stanley said, and they all laughed. 
**
**
Ava and her friends returned to their suite angrily, and Lia paced around thinking of what to do. 

   “What do we do now? Mike is determined to protect that girl. If this all gets it, we’ll all be screwed completely.” Lia said. 

     “I wonder why Sage is always with that bltch.” Alicia blurted, and they all glared at her 

    “Is that your concern right now? I just got suspended, and we will all be done for in no time, and all you care about is that middle class loser.” Rae shouted. 

   “Watch your speech, don’t call him a loser.” Alicia fired back. 

    “Enough already! Your rantings won’t make me think.” Ava uproar, and they all kept quiet. 

    “Ava, what’s your plan?”

    “We will attack them in a way they least expect and make everyone believe Jayden story. He won’t even be able to take back his words.” Ava said, and they all looked at her already interested. 

    “How do we do that?” Lia asked, already impatient, and Ava smirked. 

   “I always have a way.” She muttered, and they all giggled expect Alicia who didn’t stop fuming. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Ava the master planner
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER ELEVEN.1️⃣1️⃣
.
    ❣️❣️The confession❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION ^^^
*
Paulina tossed and turned on her bed unable to sleep, she couldn’t believe everything that happened at school. She left her room later and went to the garden to receive fresh air. She stood in the garden staring at the moon. It was an old habit that she learnt from her mother, her mother always tell her that staring at the moon when you are restless would clear your worries and help you find some relive. 

    “The moon is so round today.” She heard a strange voice say from behind and she flinched in fear before turning to see her father - he was more of a stranger to her even though they live under same roof, she haven’t seen him after the first day she came there. 

    “Good evening…. Sir.” 

    “Did I scare you?”

    “No, good night.” She said and intend to leave. 

    “Is anything bothering you?” He asked, and she looked at him wondering why he was trying to start a conversation with her. 

    “I’m fine.” 

    “Your mother always comes out to stare at the moon whenever she was restless.” He muttered, and slipped from his glass of wine.

    “You know my mother?” She found herself asking before she realized how gullible that sounds. 

  He emptied his glass of wine and chuckled. “It wasn’t a fling, Paulina, I’ve known your mother for a very long time before you came into the pictures. Charlotte and I were childhood friends.” He muttered, and she looked at him. 

 She looked at him confused, wondering how her mother could be his childhood friend. He looked like he was born with a sliver spoon, and her mother has always struggled all her life to make hands meet. She didn’t bother to ask any question before excusing herself. 

  She went to her room and laid flat on her bed thinking about her mother. 

   “I miss you so much, mum.” She cried. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN GREENWOOD MANSION^^^
*
  Sage joined his parents in the dinning, and they engaged in random talks and his mother noticed that he was absentminded. 

    “Sage, I just asked after your first day at your new school.” His mother said bringing him out of his thoughts. 

    “Oh… that?” He grunmbled. 

   “That wasn’t what she said.” His father teased and they all laughed. 

   “Sage, you don’t look good.” His mother said. 

    “I had a long day at school.”

    “Are your peers bullying you for not making it to that superior class or whatever it’s called?” His father asked. 

    “Not that.”

    “What sort of school is that? Father has been against that school since it was established, I’m sure he is gonna throw a tantrum if he find out  that you transfer there.” His mother  said. 

    “Sage, you haven’t tell me the real reason behind your transfer.” His father sided . 

    “Holland high is a good school, dad. Many of my friends are there.”

    “No!” His father blurted. 

    “You should have make that donation, he is obviously having a hard time at school.” His mother said. 

    “It’s hard enough that we have to keep his transfer to that school a secret from father, but he would be aware if I donates billions of dollars to the school funding program or whatsoever it’s called. But if it’s giving you a hard time son, I’ll get it done. We shouldn’t let others walk over you.”
    
    “I’m not the one having a hard time, dad.” 

   “Then it’s her.” His mother said, and Sage gave her a look. 

    “Who is her? Are you two hiding something from me?” His father asked, and Sage chuckled. 

   “I don’t know what you are talking about, mum.”

    “I know you suddenly transfer for a reason son, I know you too well, and it can only be a girl. Is it Alicia?” 

    “Alicia? The daughter of  Richard Alexander?” His father asked. 

    “Yes, her. They have been friends since kindergarten. You should invite her over some time, I would be on leave soon, you can invite her over then, we could go fishing together.” She said, and winked. 

   “That’s false, mum. Alicia and I aren’t close anymore. We stopped being close since grade school. And I didn’t transfer because of her. Mind you, not everyone loves fishing. I’m getting seasick already.” 

    “Come on, fishing is fun.” 

    “Son, you are just whining because you always loose all your catch.” His father teased. 

    “Your father is right. But if you didn’t transfer because of Alicia, then it’s another girl.”

   “Mum, she is just a friend.”

    “Yaphie! You already admit to it.” His mother giggled and he laughed softly. 

    “What’s going on? What girl?” His father asked. 

    “Just eat, honey.” His mother said, and feed her husband some food. 

    “You are the best.” He muttered with mouth full of food. 

     “She is being bullied at school and I don’t how to help her.” Sage said, playing with his food. 

    “She could simply report to the school disciplinary board.” His mother said. 

    “The system at holland high is different, honey. In my opinion, Sage shouldn’t get involved. Sage, you shouldn’t be mixed up with a complicated person like that, you can’t fight against those people at holland high. We can’t afford having enemies.” His father said. 

    “What nonsense! There is rules and law to abide to everywhere. Get her to report the bullies and get a lawyer.” His mother said. “You shouldn’t abandon your friends at their weakest, doing that will make you a fair weather friend.” His mother said, and he nodded. 

    “Who is this girl in question anyways? Don’t she have parents, and where did you meet such complicated person?” His father asked. 

   “She is on a special scholarship.” He muttered 

   “Oh.”His mother exclaimed. 

    “I can’t believe you are getting this on your first day. You shouldn’t cause us any worries, Sage. Otherwise, I’ll send you abroad.” His father said. 

    “He knows better, he is aware that he needs a good record to attend the best law school, in order to become a diligent prosecutor.” His mother said. 

    “Sage, have you really made up your mind to become  a prosecutor?” His father asked. 

    “Honey, that’s what father wants, and Sage is also pleased with it.”

   “He is the heir to the company, being a prosecutor… well, it’s his choice.”

   “Clara can just take over the company when she is of age.” His mother said. 

   “I rather make her the prosecutor, and let Sage take over.”

    “Nah… with such bad grades? Father doesn’t have any expectations on her.”

  “So how do you expect her to run the company that way?” 

   Sage let out a sigh, and dropped his cutleries. “Thank you for the meal, good night.” With that he stood up. 

    “What? But you didn’t even eat halfway.” His mother complained. 
    
    “I’m satisfied.”

    “You are always this way whenever we talk about your future. It’s fine if you don’t want to become a prosecutor, I’m sure father won’t bring too much from it. But he has always wanted three generations in the legal field.”

    “Don’t worry, Clara will improve her grades and become the prosecutor, and Sage can just focus on taking over the company.” 

   “Good night.” Sage muttered and left before they say anything else. 

   “I’ll bring your food to your room.” His mother shouted after him. 

   “He is mad again.” His father muttered. 

   “What do we do now?” His mother grumbled. 

    “You shouldn’t have brought up that prosecutor profession or even mention law school. We both know he despise hearing it.”  

   “And you shouldn’t have talked about  taking over the company either.”

   “But you made it worst when you talked about that third generation nonsense. Just take the food to his room, and make up with him. I can’t bear his wrath.” With that he stood up. 

    “What? You want me to go to him alone?” 

    “You are alone on this one.” He teased and making a of mockery look before leaving. 
**
**
 HOLLAND HIGH ^^^
*
 Paulina got to school, and everyone started pointing fingers at her again. She let out a sigh and started wondering when they would forget about the scandal. 

   “She is really unbelievable.” A girl said, and snubbed her before walking past her. 

   “I can’t believe she want to have it all. A supreme class, middle class, and bottom class.” Another girl said. 

  She tried to ignore them all and continue on her way when Sophia blocked her path glaring at her. 

   “What?” She muttered taken aback. 

   “Why did you lied to me?” Sophia asked, and she became confused. 

     “About what?” 

    “This!” Sophia blurted, and showed her the video posted on the bulletin board - the entire footage from the guest room, starting from when Jayden was there till Austin chased him out, and when she entered the room. 

   “How does this make me a liar?” Paulina asked confused. 

     “You lied about everything. Jayden was waiting for you in that room as he claimed, but Austin chased him out, you didn’t know Jayden already left before you went in, and you were surprised to see Mike there instead.” Sophia said, and Paulina let out a sigh. 

   “That’s a perfect makeup story. But if you  believe that, can you also explain who locked the door later?” Sage asked joining them. 

   “Sage.” Paulina called. 

   “Hi, Lina.” 

    “Nobody said the door was locked.” Sophia muttered, looking at the video again. 

   “Lina said so, are you going to believe them or believe her?” Sage asked, and Sophia jaw dropped. 

    “I’m so sorry, Lina, I’m sorry for doubting you.” Sophia said, and embraced Paulina. 

    “That’s enough, let’s go Lina, you’ve to clear your name.” Sage said, and they both looked at him. 

   “How will I do that?” She asked. 

    “We will report this to the school disciplinary committee, and call Jayden to the panel, he would have to present an evidence to support all his claims. Don’t worry Lina, I’ll get you a lawyer, you won’t be alone.” Sage said, and Sophia opened her mouth in amazement. 

    “Sage, do we have to take it this far?” Paulina asked. 

   “Of course! Your reputation is on the line here. That boy is going around spreading false rumors, and everyone is buying it. You are the victim here, Lina. They might not stop here, they might be plotting something again, so we’ve to take action now before it gets worse.”

    “Sage is right, Lina, you’ve to take action now and put an end to this once and for all.” Sophia said, and she nodded. 

   “I don’t know how to go about that.” Paulina grumbled.  
   
   “Leave it all to me, let’s go.” Sage said and grabbed her hand leading her away. 
*
  They got to the doorway to the principal’s office and saw Jayden coming out of the office. They intend to walk past him because they don’t know recognize him, but he stopped them. 

    
    “Sorry, can I have a word with you?” Jayden asked. 

    “Me?” Sage asked, pointing at himself. 

    “No, her.” He replied. 

    “And who are you?” Sage asked. 

    “I’m… I’m… Jayden.” 

    “It’s you!” Paulina and Sage chorused. 

    “How dare you announce that false accusations?” Sage asked, and grabbed him by his collar. 

    “Sage, please stop. Let’s hear him out.” Paulina said, and Sage released him. 

   “What does he have to say?” Sage blurted. 

   “What do you want to tell me?” Paulina asked. 

    “Can we talk elsewhere?” Jayden asked. 

    “No, you say whatever you have to say right here.” Save blurted. 

    “Yes, say whatever you have to say here.” Paulina replied. 

   Jayden nodded, and he bowed his head before going on his knees. 

   “What? What are you doing?” Paulina muttered. 

   “I’m really sorry, Paulina. I didn’t intend to do that to you, I’m really sorry.” He cried. 

   “That won’t change anything, if you are sorry then you go back there and set things right.” Sage said. 

    “Why did you do it? I know that Ava put you up to it, but why did you give in?” Paulina asked. 

    “I’ve no choice, Lia and her friends attacked me and dragged me to their car, there I met Ava, and together we all went to Lia’s party. Ava threatened to cut off my grandmother’s treatment if I refuse to do as she say so I was left with no choice. But when Austin chased me out, I left with intention to transfer school but I was unable to transfer.” He cried, and Paulina wanted to mold him but Sage held her back. 

   “So why did you make that announcement?” Sage asked. 

   “I was threaten.” He cried, and narrate everything to them. 

    “How could they do that?” Paulina in a sober voice, and Sage let out a sigh. 

   “But that didn’t change anything, man. You would have to take back everything you said, Lina also have a reputation to uphold. Saying all that was too much, so make it right.” Sage said. 

   “I’m sorry, but I can’t. If I take it back, my grandmother will be in danger.” He cried. 

  “Even still…” Sage muttered. 

    “Sage, that’s enough. His grandmother’s live is in danger.” Paulina said. 

    “So, what then? Are you going to let this go on like this? And ruin your reputation?” Sage shouted. 

    “I believe everyone will forget about eventually.” Paulina said. 

    “Lina, I don’t know the system you were used to in the past, but it’s different here. The reputation you have from high school will go a long way in your life. Even if they stop talking about it gradually, it doesn’t mean they will forget it.” 

   “But…”. She shuddered. 

    “No, buts Lina. I’m very sorry, man, but you have to worry about yourself.” Sage said. 

    “Sage..”. 

    “I think this will do.” Sage said, and they both looked at him.  

    “Look who we have here.” They heard Micheal said, and they saw the MASS approaching them. 

    “The famous anchor is here.” Austin said, and kicked Jayden sending him straight to the floor. 

  Paulina face flushed in fear, and Sage held her hand when he noticed. 

   “Mike, I really don’t know if I should trust you, but I believe you can’t act sneaky. You should know better.” Sage said, and everyone looked at him. 

    “Who do you think you are?” Austin blurted aiming at him but Stanley held him back. 

   “What’s your deal?” Micheal asked. 

   “Let that guy go first.” Sage said referring to Jayden. 

    “Why should he? We will deal with the peasant in our own way.” Austin blurted. 

   “I hope you won’t end up wasting my time.” Micheal said. 

    “Mike, don’t tell me you are giving in to this low class guy.” Austin said. 

   “Let’s hear his deal Austin, Jayden is all ours anyways.” Stanley said, and Austin smirked before kicking Jayden again. 

   “You heard that, run while I’m being nice.” Austin laughed kicking him continuously until he ran off.

 Paulina hide behind Sage in fear wondering how the MASS could be that heartless and merciless. 
*
*
 <<<<YEARS AGO>>>>
*
  Charlotte returned to her normal life and gradually forgot about her ex-boyfriend. He was way below her class anyways, and her father would never approve of their relationship. She believed love would conquer all that’s why she agreed to date him, but at the end it was all worthless. 

  She grew closer to Paul and Grace, most especially Paul who transferred to her department few days ago due to reasons that he explained but she wasn’t really interested in. Coincidentally, they were grouped together to work on an assignment, and he insisted that they meet up in her house after school to discuss to start working on it together.
.
  She stood in her house garden staring at the full moon when Paul joined her. 

    “What’s bothering you?” He asked, and she turned to look at him. 

    “I thought you left.” She muttered. 

    “Yeah, but I forgot something so I came back. You haven’t stopped your old habit of staring at the moon when you are restless.” 

   “It’s indeed a habit, but it actually helps take all my worries away.” She said, and he looked up as well. 

    “You could just stare at it from the window, the air is chilly.” He said, and placed his jacket on her shoulder. 

    “That makes it effective, the cold air, and the full moon works together. When I return to my room, I’ll be grateful for the warmth and forget my worries completely.” She said, and he chuckled. 

    “I wish it could work for me as well.” He muttered. 

    “Is something bothering you?” He asked. 

   “Many things are.” He muttered. 

    “If the moon won’t help you, you can share it with me. A problem shared is half solved I heard.”

   “Does it works when you share it with whoever the problem is coming from?” He asked, and she looked at him. 
     
    What do you mean? Am I the cause of your problem? Wait, is it because of the group assignment? It’s also giving me headache. I’m the end, I’ll surrender to paying someone to finish it. I throw away my pride, if that’s your problem.” She said, unable to control her laughter. 

    “That’s not the problem… this is.” He said, and pecked her lips leaving her startled. 

    “Paul.” She called in surprise. 

   “I like you, Charlotte. I’ve always liked you.” He said, leaving her dumbfounded by his confession. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Sage, Sage.
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER TWELVE. 1️⃣2️⃣
.
    ❣️❣️How to win.❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  <<<BACK TO PRESENT >>>
*
 HOLLAND HIGH ^^^
*
  Sage played a recording of Jayden’s confession to everyone leaving them astounded. 

    “When did you record that?” Paulina asked in surprise. 

    “Just now, when he said he wanted a word.” Sage replied. 

    “Indeed you are the grandson of the world best lawyer.” Austin hailed, and Michael scoffed. 

    “What do you want me to do with that?” Michael asked. 

    “At first, I wanted to report this to the school disciplinary board, but after hearing his confession, I thought against it. The school can’t penalize all the culprits merely because we asked them to, but if the owner of the school himself takes action, no one can stop him.” Sage said, and Michael smiled softly. 

    “So now you are admiring that he is superior.” Austin said, and Sage scoffed. 

   “I never said he wasn’t.” Sage blurted. 

   “Fine, I’ll have them penalized accordingly, but I’m not doing this because you asked, you aren’t deaf when I said Lina was special to me.” Micheal said, and Paulina looked at him. 

    “She is special to me as well.” Sage said, and they all looked at him. 

    “Are you trying to prove a point?” Austin asked, and scoffed. 

   “I’ll send you a copy of the recording, but I’ll hold on to the original copy incase you play foul.”Sage said, and Micheal glared at him. 

    “I’m a man of my words.” Micheal blurted. 

  “And this is your chance to prove that.” Sage said, and grabbed Paulina hand, leading her away. 
    
     “Why is he always hovering around her?” Micheal shouted making a fist. 
*
  The MASS returned to their suite later totally ignoring whatever they were planning to do before. 

    “This is our chance Mike, we can get Ava out of the picture completely. This is the best way to get  back at her.” Austin said. 

    “Mike, can you really do it? You will have to summon Ava to the panel, and she might be suspended or when worse, expelled.” 

    “serves her right, she should just return to England.” Austin said. 

   “This is not only about Ava, it also includes Lia, Alicia, and Rae. All four of them.” Stanley said. 

    “Come to think of it, Mike. I think I now understand Stan. They might deny it, or say it’s voice pitching. They could even make Jayden testify against his words.” 

    “I’ll tell everyone that I recorded this myself, that way no one could say it’s pitched. And Stanley, I want you to get all the footage since Lina resumed, find anything that could prove Ava involvement with Jayden. Steven, you 
 find the hospital that Jayden’s grandmother is  admitted. Austin you…-“. He was saying but Austin cut in. 

  “…- there is also a task for me?”

   “Find Jayden, and bring him to me.” With that he stood up. 

    “Where are you going to?” Austin asked. 

   “To hand the recording over to the disciplinary board.” With that he left. 

     “Mike is really determined to make Ava regret dumping him.” Austin said. 

   “I hope that’s the case.” Stanley grumbled, and Austin looked at him. 
    
   “What do you mean?” Austin asked. 

   “I got things to do.” With that he carried his laptop. 

    “Hey, explain what you meant by that.” Austin shouted, but Stanley ignored him. 
**
**
  Micheal went to Ava’s class, and everyone composed themselves when he went in. 

   “Hi, Mike. It’s a surprise to see you here.” Lia said, and he smirked. 

   “I thought I was the only one who had the copy.” He muttered, and she smiled. 

   “I don’t understand what you are talking about.” 

   “Don’t play dumb with me.”

  “Why? Are you suddenly accepting defeat after seeing the true colors of your little miss special?” She teased.  

     “I don’t hit women, so don’t let us drag this longer.” He said, and she flinched. 

  She composed herself later and counted few steps closer to him. 

   “There is something called backup file, handsome… turn out you aren’t as smart.” She whispered and he chuckled. 

   “Go and report yourself to the principal if you want to be spared from this.” With that he left. 

   “What do you mean by that? Spared from what?” Lia shouted after him. 

  “Babe, what did he want?” Alicia asked. 

    “He came to threaten me.”

   “With what?”

   “I don’t know, he just asked me to go and confess  to the principal if I want to be spared. I don’t even understand him.”

   “What if he actually has something?” Alicia asked. 

   “What could he possibly have? I’m sure he is just buffing.” Lia blurted. 

    “And if that’s not the case?” Alicia said, and Lia looked at her in fear. 

   “What do we do?” Lia grumbled, and they both went to Ava. 

   “We are in class, later.” Ava blurted. 

    “Ava, this is really serious.” Lia whined. 

   “The teacher is here, later.” Ava said, and they both looked at the teacher that entered the class.

    “Miss Stanford, Miss Lane, and Miss Alexander, the principal request your presence in his office.” The teacher said. 

    “We are done for.” Lia lament. 
**
**
  During recess, Paulina went to the cafeteria with Sage, and they both sat together after getting their food. 

    “This is my first time at the school cafeteria.” She said, and he chuckled. 

    “You don’t get hungry?” He teased. 

   “I actually don’t know where I belong. Sophia told me there are different classes of cafeteria.” 

     “Oh… is that so? Then this is the one for my class. This is where my classmates eats.” 

     “Oh.”
    
    “You should have gone to the last floor, that could be for the superiors or whatever you guys are called.” He said, and they both laughed. 

    “Thank you for everything, Sage.”

     “What are friends for?”
    
     “Attending that party worth it after all.” She said, and he chuckled. 

     “But you are in this mess because of that party.”

     “It will be over soon, and I’m glad that we might be able to save Jayden as well, he looks so helpless.” She said. 

     “I hope so.” He muttered, and she looked at him. 

    “Are you also doubting, Mike?” She asked, and he looked at her. 

     “Do you also have doubts?” He asked back, and she shook her head. 

     “I don’t know. I don’t really trust Mike, but he has been acting strange, I don’t understand his true motives, and that baffles me a lot.” She said, and he held her hands. 

   “Same, but we can always give him a shot, I also have my doubts, that’s why I have a copy with me as well.” He said, and she nodded. 
**
**
  ALEXANDER’S MANSION ^^^
*
  Alicia returned home after school and her nanny went to welcome her. Unlike all the other staffs in the house, she was closer to her nanny and they often gist together. 

    “Madam, your father is home and he received a mail from your school. What trouble have you gotten yourself involved in?”

    “Where is he currently?”

    “In the living room, your mother is trying to calm him.” She said, and Alicia let out a sigh. 

     “It’s fine, I got it.” 

   “What happened at school?” 

   “Later, I’ll tell you later.” She muttered and went in. 

  She entered the living room and her mother hurried to her. 

    “What have you gotten involved with, Alicia?” Her mother shouted. 

    Is daddy really angry?” She muttered. 

   “Alicia, you are back.” Her father said, joining them and her heart skips a beat. 

    “Good evening, daddy.”

    “Is there anything good today? What did you get involved with at school? Why did your school have to send me a message?” He shouted, taking her aback. 

     “Daddy, it’s not me. It’s Lia and Ava, I just got mixed up in it somehow.” She fired back. 

     “Alicia.” Her mother cautioned. 

    “Ava? That Stanford’s daughter, is she back?” 

    “Yes, she returned this week.” 

   “And you are still associating with her? The daughter of your father’s opponent.” Her mother said  

    “The daughter of that rude brat who thoughts she knows a lot about politics because of her father’s influence. Why are you still associating  with her? Aren’t you aware that I’m running against her mother?” 

    “Daddy, your political opponent has nothing to do with my friendship. Ava and I have been friends since middle school, and I value our friendship.”

   “I knew it. This is all planned by her mother. She wants to use you to tarnish my image; she must’ve put her daughter up to it.”

    “Daddy…”

    “Do you know how sly that family could be? I’ve been in this political world all my life, I started from the scratch Alicia, and I made my way this far. Do you know how many greedy politicians I associate with?  And those Packards’ can do anything to win, they must’ve sent their daughter back to have something against me. They want to use you, Alicia.”

    “Daddy!”

    “Honey, I doubt if that’s the case.”

    “What else could it have been? Alicia has always have her way at school, but now she is being called out for what? Isn’t it obvious that there are people behind this? Someone in power obviously, and it could only be those Stanford’s, they are the only ones with a motive.”

   “Daddy, it’s not just me. Even Lia and Rae are involved.” She shouted. 

    “Lia? That daughter of KSB news? You should stop associating with her as well, her father is working with the opponent party, they might all be in it together “

    “Daddy, do you want me to cut ties with all my friends because of your campaign?”

   “After the election, my dear. Let’s see if they will still want to be your friend. But for now, it’s either you stay away from them or I send you abroad.” 

   “Daddy, you are so unbelievable.” With that she stormed out. 

    “Hey, Alicia, where are you going?” Her father shouted. 

    “Honey, just leave her be. What are we going to do about the situation?”
      
    “I’m going to call chairman Russ now, what could our daughter ever done wrong to be summoned  by the disciplinary board? I’m not making huge donations, and paying a fortune for her tuition to get such treatment. This could only be from the opponent, they are trying to get our daughter expelled so they could tarnish my image.” 

    “That’s never going to happen, honey. You should call chairman Russ now.” 
**
**
 Ava arrived home from school, and her mother sent a driver to pick her up. Her grandfather recently returned from his vacation, and the family planned to meet up for their usual family dates. Being in England spared her from attending such events, and now she couldn’t even contain her anger at the thought of resuming to it again. 

 She arrived at the resort they usually meet up and met her mother there. 

    “Mum.” 

    “What took you so long? I sent the driver few hours ago.”

     “It was importune. I had to take my time to prepare. I haven’t seen grandfather in a long time.”

    “Oh… I see. And your school prepared the utmost surprise for us. What’s that about, Ava? I asked you to behave.What did you get involved with to be summoned by the school disciplinary board?” 

    “It’s just a trifle with a bottom class student, I didn’t expect the school to take it that far.” 

    “I warned you to behave yourself, Ava. Just until the election is over, but you couldn’t even last a week!”

   “It’s just a trivial matter, the school boards are exaggerating it.”

    “I’ll make sure this doesn’t become an issue, but father mustn’t hear about this, and you must not mention Paulina either. He went to receive a call, he will return soon. Do I make myself clear?” 

   “Yes mum.” Ava muttered, and looked away. 

   “Your grandfather is coming, compose yourself.” Ms. Grace muttered when they saw Mr. Packard coming their way.

  He approached them with a smile, and Ava exchanged pleasantries with him. 

    “Ava, I see you have been on a low. Just until the election is over, I want you to maintain that. Your mother will become the mayor, and climb the ladder as governor next. You should grow up fast as well, and your grandfather will make you the president.” He said, and they both forced a smile. 

   “Father, isn’t that too much?” Ms. Grace asked. 

   “Nothing is too much, my granddaughter can become the first youngest president in California. I might have stopped as the prime minister, but that wasn’t my limit, I was just too old to keep climbing. But I’ll make my granddaughter the president.” He said, and patted Ava’s shoulder. “What do you think, my dear?” He asked, and Ava smiled. 

    “I appreciate it grandpa, it’s huge but that’s where I belong.” She replied, and they all laughed. 

    “Do you see that? That’s the spirt. My granddaughter is so much like me. If you weren’t chasing Paul around while you were younger, you would have learnt a lot as well, and could have climbed the ladder higher by now.” 

   “Father, it’s not late until it’s over.” 

    “Well… you got that. Noting is late, as long as you are my daughter.” He said, and they all smiled. “Ava, how does it feel to be back?”
    
    “I wish I could return.” She wanted to say but changed her mind. “No special feelings, but it’s nice since I could see you on our regular dates again.” 

    “That’s my girl. Grace, why is your husband not here yet?” 

    “Dad, he can’t make it. He has important meetings.”

    “Important meeting? So this isn’t important enough for him to clear his schedule beforehand. That good for nothing husband of yours is always finding an excuse to escape meeting with me.”

    “Dad, it’s nothing like that.”

    “Shut that mouth! He is really different from his parents, I should have known better before letting you marry him.” ‘

    “Dad…” 

    “Come with me, Ava. You should only watch your grandfather’s step.” With that he led Ava away. 
*
  They all went for an archery section together, and he took his time to monitor Ava who didn’t cease to impress him. 

    “You’ve  become so good over the year, Ava. You are just that girl.” He said, and they all smiled. 
*
  They engaged in horse racing, and he asked Ava to race with the fastest horse rider among his men. 

   “Father, you want Ava to compete with Caleb?” Ms. Grace asked. 

   “No one has ever won against Caleb, but Ava has to prove that she has what it takes to be win if she really wants to be the future president.” He said, and his daughter let out a sigh. 

   “I’ll give it a shot, grandpa.” Ava blurted, and her mother looked at her. 

    “Ava…” Ms. Grace called. 

   “That’s the spirit, Ava. You’ve to take little challenges like this to overcome bigger one in the future.”

    “I understand, grandpa.”

    “Caleb, no foul play. This is simply a game to test my granddaughter’s capabilities.” He said, and Caleb nodded. 

    “I understand, sir.”  

  They engaged in the race and Ava tried her best to win her competitor while her grandfather watch in amusement cheering her on until the race ended and Ava failed  to beat her competitor. 

   “You’d well, Ava. The horse was just too slow.” Her grandfather said. 

   “Angie has been a good horse, I just couldn’t beat him.” Ava said, and her grandfather shook his head. 

   “No, my dear. It is all the horse fault. We should teach it some lesson.” 

    “What? Grandpa.”

    “You should never blame your incapacity on yourself, my dear. Let others carry the blame. That’s how you win. Now, shot it.” He said, and gave theater arrow. 

    “Grandpa, but Angie did nothing wrong. It has been a good girl since you gift her to me.” She said in a sober. 

    “It is a gift to you, so you can have your way with it. Will you shot it?”

    “Ava, get it done.” Her mother whispered loud enough for her to hear, and she started to shiver as she remembered when he gifted her the horse. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK to when Ava was 10-year-old.***
*
  During the launching of the resort, the family members arrived early, and her grandfather brought the horse to her. 

    “Wow, it’s so beautiful.” 

    “Don’t dwell on beauty, you should focus on its purpose.” Her grandfather said. 

    “Ava, do you’ve any name in mind for grandpa’s present to you?” Her father asked patting her hair. 

    “Angie, she is Angie.” She said touching the horse, and her father smiled. 
*
*
FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  She grew fond of the horse over the years, and trained it well, so she couldn’t bear to shot it. 

   The arrow fell off her hand, and she shook her head. 

   “I can’t. “ she muttered, and her grandfather pat her back. 

   “Yeah, you shouldn’t get your hands dirty.” He said, and collected a gun from one of his guards shot the horse leg, and also shot Caleb’s shoulder. 

    “No, Angie.” Ava cried. 

    Caleb held his shoulder, and Mr. Packard chuckled. 

   “You should always know when to win, that’s how you will know your place. Ava, that’s how you win.” With that he left. 

    “Why are you such a weakling?” Her mother blurted, and followed. 

  Ava made a fist staring at their retreating back, the horse was taken away for treatment, and she  went to pick her arrow trialing after them to the stable to look at the horse. 

   “I should have won.” She muttered, and shot it with two arrows before leaving. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Hmmmm…
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER THIRTEEN. 1️⃣3️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️The broadcast II❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 <<<YEARS AGO>>>
*
  Paul and Charlotte continued their friendship like nothing unusual happened. After his confession the other day, she was so shocked that she couldn’t respond so he promised to give her time to think about it before he left. 

  They continued their friendship, and neither of them talked about it again. Charlotte has always considered Paul as a friend, so the thought of having anything other than platonic relationships was kinda weird. 
*
 It was Grace’s birthday, Paul invited Charlotte to surprise her with a visit. After the successful surprise, they all sat down  to have dessert together. 

Charlotte went to stand by the balcony later slipping from her glass of wine, enjoying the fresh air when Paul joined her, surprising her by embracing her from behind. 

    “Paul.” She muttered. 

   “I’m glad you guessed right this time. When we were younger, you always mistook Louis for every little surprise.”

    “You always get angry back then, and you must’ve held that grudge until now.” She teased, and he chuckled. 

    “That’s because even back then, I liked you but you were more fond of Louis. I wasn’t sure about  my feelings then, but I realized it when we lost contact, and I couldn’t take any chances when I met you again, I felt like I was given a second chance.”

     “Paul…”

    “Don’t ignore my feelings, Charlotte, I’m getting impatient.” He muttered, and she became speechless. 
   
    “You guys are here.” Grace said joining them, and they both looked at her. “Why does the air feel awkward? Did I interrupt something?” She asked, and they both shook their head. 

   “No.” Paul blurted. 

   “Not at all.” Charlotte shouted. 

    “Oh… I see. Charlotte, can you assist me to organize something in my room?” 

   “What’s it?” Paul asked. 

    “I called Charlotte not you, and stay out of it, it’s ladies stuff.” She said, and she left with Charlotte. 

   She led Charlotte to her room and they both started checking out her clothes. 

    “Charlotte, I’ve something to tell you.” Grace said, and Charlotte looked at her - that was the first time Grace was trying to start a serious conversation with her. 

     “Feel free.”

     “I like Paul.” She said, and Charlotte looked at her in shock. “I’ve always liked him since we were kids, and I was kinda jealous when you came into the picture back then, but gradually we all became friends with you, so there was nothing red to be jealous about.” 

     “Why are you telling me this?”

   “Because I think he likes someone else, and whoever she is might be in your department. He suddenly changed his major even when his parents were against it, so I’ve a feeling that she must be in your department. Do you know her? She might be any lady he is fond of.”

    “What? Whyy… would I?” She shuddered. 

    “He could have tell you, or give you a hint. She might even be you?”

     “Me?” Charlotte shouted. 

     “I’m just kidding.” Grace laughed, and Charlotte let out a sigh of relief. “But we could never tell, you are also a girl. But I doubt if it’s you, because he would’ve tell you by now and you have no reason to hide it from me. After all we are friends, aren’t we?” Grace said, chuckling sarcastically, and Charlotte nodded her head 

    “Yes, we are.”

    “Can you help me watch him to find out who he likes?”

    “What will you do when you find out?”

   “I just want to see her to know if she is better than me, which I doubt.”

     “And afterwards?”

     “I’ll make sure I get her out of the way, Paul is mine and I’ll do whatever I can to have him. I endured watching him with other girls for too long.” She said, and Charlotte let out a sigh. “You will help me, right?” She asked, and Charlotte looked at her speechlessly. “Thanks babe, we are friends after all.” She said, and embraced Charlotte who remained speechless. 
*
*
  <<<BACK TO PRESENT>>>
*
   CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION ^^^
*
  Micheal was engrossed with work in his study when one of his staffs knocked on his door - whoever it was knocked severally before leaving. He hates interruptions whenever he is working, and his staffs know better than knocking twice. His phone rang later, and he let out a sigh before picking it after he  checked the caller ID and saw it was Mr. Jones. 

 Mr. Jones called to request his presence in his  father’s living room. He let out a sigh wondering what his father wanted to discuss before he wrapped  up his work. 

 He went to freshen up and headed to his father’s living room, where his father was currently on a call. 

   📞*Not at all, chairman, it will all be sorted. I’m sure it was just a mere misunderstanding.*
   📞*Alright, we will get to it.* With that he dropped the call. 

  His glared at Micheal , and his phone rang again. Micheal instantly knew that the ruckus was caused by the issue at school. 

   📞*That’s not an issue at all.*
   📞*Goodness, we should have at least exchange greeting first, we’ve come a long way together.*
   📞*It will all be sorted, and I’ll make sure to clear any forms of misunderstanding.* With that he dropped the call and threw a fist in the air. 

    “Honey, oh, Mike is here.” Mrs. Russ said joining them. 

    “Mike, what have you done?” His father shouted, and Michael began to shiver in fear. 

    “Honey, Mike must’ve a reasonable excuse for this carelessness.” Mrs. Russ said. 

   The chairman phone rang for rang, and he checked the caller ID before glaring back at  Michael again. 

    “Is that the seventh time?” The chairman shouted. 

    “Mike, start to explain.” Mrs. Russ said. 

    “It was just a matter at school, the school disciplinary committee are going to handle it.” Mike muttered, his voice barely above a whisper, but they managed to hear and the chairman slapped him. 

   “The nerve of you to say that! You called the panel against the two running mayor candidate daughters, aside from that, one of them is a Stanford’s.  A complain against the chairman of KSB news daughter, and chairman Brown only daughter, are you kidding me?” He shouted, and slapped Micheal again. 

    “And the worst part was that the root of all these is a scholarship student. What good will a lowlife like that do you? When did you start getting involved with such people? Where was the Micheal who disgusts lowlife like them? Have you forgotten the promise you made years ago?” Mrs. Russ said, and Michael started to shiver. 

    “I… I…”. He shuddered in fear. 

   “I just got informed that Mr. Narson’s only grandson recently transferred to our school.” The chairman said, and his wife eyes widened. 

    “Mr. Narson, the president’s legal adviser?” She asked. 

    “Yes, and the worst part is the school requested for donations, so he couldn’t make it to the supreme class.”

    “Why would his grandson attend our school? He was highly against our school since it was established, he filed several petition against us for equality among students. Why would his grandson transfer to our school?” She shouted. 

    “I don’t know. His grandson recently transferred, and all these is happening. Doesn’t it seem like a trap ?” 

    “Honey, what are we going to do about this?”
 
    “I’ll take care of it, and that scholarship students will be taken care of as well. He should know his place when he is given an opportunity.” 

    “Micheal, you should have known better as the director. Your father and I trusted you, and entrust the school to you, how could you be this careless? If you can’t even lead a school, how do you expect to handle bigger tasks in the future?” Mrs. Russ said, and Micheal bowed his head bitting his bottom lip.  “That again? How many times do I warn you against showing your nervousness? You are a Russ, and others must never know when you are weak. How long will I keep repeating that?” His mother shouted, and Micheal instantly composed himself. 

   “I’m going to address this matter, and you Mike. You stay out of it, and turn in your resignation letter tomorrow.” The chairman said, and they both looked at him. 

   “Dad…”. He shuddered. 

   “Your father is right, you still have a lot to learn. A break to focus on your studies will help you a lot.”

   “Have you both always been perfect?” He shouted, and they both looked at him. 

    “How dare you raise your voice?” His mother fired back. 

    “I worked so hard, dad. I worked as hard as I could to impress you, I worked hard to get everything I’ve now. I was just trying to honestly address an issue at school, and you both threw a tantrum because of that. And now, you want me to resign?” 

    “You are a business man, Mike, there are statics in businesses, you can’t afford to have enemies when you could keep them as friends!” His father shouted.

    “How does that warrants my resignation? It was  my mistake, so I’m going to set it right.” 

    “No, you stay out of it. But this is your last chance.” The chairman said, and his wife looked at him 

    “You have never given me any chances before, those that mean I’m  not allowed to make a mistake?” 

    “Yes, because you can’t afford it. The most expensive thing a businessman can’t afford is mistake. You are excused.” 
*
   Micheal returned to his room deep in thoughts. He knew all this could happen, but he still took the risk. 

   “I must’ve lost it.” He grumbled, and laid flat on his bed. 

   “How do I look at Lina now? And that busybody who is always hovering around her.” He whined and started feeling uneasy. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
*
  Paulina got to school the following day and was surprised to see students gathered in the hallway, she let out a sigh wondering what was going on and the students started paving way for her. 

    👤”She is here.”
    
    👤”She is here.” 

  The students grumbled, and she found her way to the front wondering why they were paving way for her. She gets to the front, and loo… Micheal and Sage were grabbing each other by the collar. 

    “No, Sage.” She shouted, and went to separate them. 
     
  👤”What does he think he is to fight with Mike?”
 👤”He is just a middle class student.”
  👤My God, isn’t he Sage Greenwood, the only grandson of the best lawyer in the world?” 

 Sage tried to calm down after Paulina showed up, and he looked at her in pain. 
     
    “Lina, I’m sorry. I trusted that c0ward and failed to clear your name.” Sage muttered. 
     
    “How dare you?” Austin shouted and wanted to hit Sage, but Stanley held him back. 
   
   “That’s enough, man. Let’s go.” Stanley said, and the MASS left. 

  Everyone dismissed, while Paulina, Sage and Sophia went to the cafeteria rooftop together. 

     “Sage, you shouldn’t have fought with Mike, this will do you no good no matter who are you.” Sophia scolded. 

    “I don’t care!” Sage blurted. 

    “If I were you, I would. Two years ago, Kenny Bright, the only son of the chairman of SY Group engaged in a combat with Ava, and Mike stood up for her. He was expelled from school eventually and couldn’t even transfer to any school in California, he had to leave the country to be able to continue his studies.” Sophia said, and Paulina gasped but Sage wasn’t shaken. 

    “I don’t care about all that. Even if they couldn’t clear your name, I’m going to help you file a petition against them, every single one of them.” Sage said, and they both looked at him. 

   “Of course, what do I expect from the only grandson of the best lawyer in the world?” Sophia grumbled looking at him. 

   “What really happened?” Paulina asked, because she was still lost. 

   “That Micheal is a b@stard, I shouldn’t have trust him.” Sage muttered. 

   “What did he do?”

   “Instead of taking actions against those girls, he decide to cover it up. I was summoned by the school board to sign a pact with my admission on the line. They threatened to expel me if I bring up the broadcast issue again. They decided to cover it up, and asked Jayden to transfer.” He said, and Paulina jaw dropped. “It’s all my fault, Lina, I failed to clear your name because I trusted that b@stard. I should have known that he can’t take actions. The school is just too corrupt, they never see faults with those at the top, most especially those brats in the superior class of theirs. I should have known better because Mike is also one of  them.”

    Paulina held his hands in gratitude. “Sage. I’m just upset that you got involved in all of these. I’m sorry.” 

    “Don’t say that Lina, I’m not stopping here either. They messed with the wrong person. I refuse to sign the pact, neither will I transfer. I’m going to sue them all. I still have the recording with me and I recorded my conversation with them as well. We won’t give up without a fight, Lina.” 

    “No, Sage. You shouldn’t get involved deeper, this is not good for you.”

   “Coming to an agreement with them will make one of them, and I don’t want that. If you are scared for your scholarship, my parents will take care of it. I’m done here.” With that he left. 

   “He seems determined.” Sophia said, and Paulina exhaled heavily. 
*
  Sage was on his way to class when Alicia approached him. 

    “Hi, Sage.” She waved and he threw her a glare.  “Are you m@d at me? I heard you got in a fight with the MASS, and I was worried.”

    “Worry about yourself. I don’t wanna be seen with the likes of you.” He said, and intend to leave but she held him back. 

  “It wasn’t me. It was all Ava’s idea, I was totally against it.” 

    “No, you weren’t. You seem so sure the day you proposed the bet that Lina was going to be with another man, but I guess the bet is invalid now. I don’t have to go on a date with you, and you don’t have to kiss a scholarship student either.” He said, and continued on his way. 

   “No, I’ll.” She shouted, and he looked at her. “I lost the bet, so I’ll do it, if it will make you less angry at me.”

    “It’s your wish.”

    “I wish I could set things right.” 

    “Then do that.” With that he left. 

  His phone started ringing, and he checked the caller’s ID surprised to see it’s his father so he picked up immediately. 

   📞*Dad.*
   📲*Settle whatever misunderstandings you’ve at school right away.*
   📞*Dad, you don’t even know what happened.*
  📲*I don’t care. I already warned you against  getting involved in anything, you should’ve listened to me. Your grandfather mustn’t hear about this. I had enough of his nagging.*
   📞*And if I don’t?*
    📲*Are you kidding me?*
   📞*I’m doing nothing wrong, dad.*
    📲*Since you decide to be stubborn, I’ll send you abroad.*
    📞*Alright. But I still have some things to settle.*
    📲*Sa..-*. With that he dropped the call before his father could complete his sentence. 
**
**
  Paulina was summoned by the principal, and she was startled to meet Ms. Grace there. 

   Ms. Grace asked the principal to excuse them for a moment, and he obliged. 

    “I heard what happened at school, as I said before, darling, i don’t want any cat fights between you and Ava. I want you two to get along, so sign this.” She said, and gave her the same pact that Sage talked about. 

   “I’m willing to let it go even if I don’t sign this.” Paulina muttered. 

   “I know, but you will sign it anyways.” She said, sounding intimidating, and Paulina trembled in fear before signed it.  

   “Can I leave now?” Paulina muttered. 

   “Not too fast, darling. Tell that friend of yours, the son of the world judge or whoever he is to keep a low, or you would have to pay for the consequences. Remember, you already signed this.” She threaten, and Paulina nodded. 
*
  Paulina let the principal’s office deep in thoughts, she wasn’t watching where she was going and almost fell but someone grabbed her. 

   “Are you ok?” She heard, and looked up at her savior to see it was Michael. 

 She freed herself from him immediately, and walked past him leaving him heartbroken as he stared at her retreating back. 
*
 During recess, she went to the cafeteria with Sage and started thinking of a way to convince him when she heard an announcement. 

  🎤*Although everything has been sorted, but I still want everyone to know the truth about what happened at the night at Lia’s party. Jayden and Paulina were the victims. Jayden was threatened and forced to that room, while Paulina was deceived to be there. The purpose of that was  to record them together so Paulina would know her place but the plan fell through when Mike got involved. And Jayden was also threatened to make that false announcement as well. I… I’m Alicia.* 

  With that the broadcast ended, and Sage stood up immediately. 

   “Alicia! I’ll be right back.” Sage said, and ran out of the cafeteria heading to the broadcast station. 

  He never expected Alicia to take such action  when he asked her to set things right, and the implication of what her announcement might cost her made him worried about her. She just turned against the school board, including her friends and now she is probably alone. 

  He got to the hallway and saw her, she smiled immediately she saw him and walked past him. 

   “Alicia.” He called, and turned to stare at her retreating back. 

  She went to Jayden who was leaving school. 

   “Hi, Jayden.” Alicia called, and Jayden started shivering in fear. 

    “No, Alicia, don’t.” Sage said, approaching her as he realized what she was about to do. 

   “Sorry for everything, Jayden.” She said, and kissed him leaving everyone in shock. 

 Sage looked away immediately in embarrassment and started wondering how they turned out that way. She was his first friend in kindergarten, they were so fond of each other but everything changed when they grew older, they mingle with different kinds of people and gradually stopped hanging out together. 
**
**
 Mrs. Russ was busy working in her office when her secretary went in. 

   “This is everything you requested for, ma’am.” He said, and gave her a file. 

  She opened the file that contained the information of everyone involved in the ruckus at Holland high. 

   She flipped through the documents, until she saw Paulina. 

    “Paulina Andrew.” She said, and her secretary looked at her. 

   “She is a new student on a special scholarship, sponsored by the from the Stanford’s family.” Her secretary said, and she chuckled. 

   “She transferred from the countryside.” She muttered. 
     
   “Yes, ma’am.”

   “I want you to run a background check on her.” She said, and smirked evilly. 

    “I’ll get it done, ma’am.” With that he left. 

   “What are you up to, Micheal?” She thought looking at documents. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  This is so bad 😕
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER FOURTEEN.1️⃣4️⃣ 
.
   ❣️❣️Unique trio❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 

*

  Days later …

  Paulina managed to convince Sage to sign the pact, telling him about the tragic passing of her mother, and lied to him that the Stanford’s adopted her. Sage gave in eventually, and signed the pact letting it all go since Alicia already made an effort to clarify things. 

 Paulina, Sage, and Sophia became close friends eventually forming a unique trio. A close friendship between students of different classes was news in Holland High School. They hang out together on the cafeteria rooftop and mostly have lunch at the regular students cafeteria together. 

 Micheal in the other hand remained on a low, after the issue was resolved, he couldn’t bring  himself to face Paulina again, he could only watch her from afar, wishing he wasn’t a c0ward. Thankfully, his friends didn’t ask him any questions concerning it, although, Austin wanted to ask, but Stanley was always fast in changing the topic, and warned Austin against it behind his back.  

  Everything might have been sorted, but he still wish he could make it up to Paulina, and he kept thinking about the best way to make it up to her.  

 Ava has also been on a low, gnoring Paulina existence after her mother threatened her with her credit cards. She decided to lay low till everyone forget about the resolved issues before taking another move. She stopped driving to school with Paulina, but her presence still bother her. The thoughts of Paulina taking everything away from her someday was really overwhelming. 
*
 Paulina, Sage, and Sophia planned to hangout together after school, when school dismissed they all met at the parking lot about to enter Sage’s car when Alicia approached them. 

  Ever since Alicia made that announcement, her fiends became distant from her. Ava wanted Rae out of their friendship after that party, but Rae was pardoned due to the ruckus that came up, and her suspension that followed. So instead of Rae, Alicia was kicked out. She was denied access to their suite, and they removed her from their private group chat while Lia always find any opportunity to remind her of how disgusting she was to kiss a bottom class student and how she backstabbed them. School has been overwhelming for her and she mostly skip classes at times and wish she could skip school as well. Sage have been hovering around Paulina and Sophia, he didn’t even pay any attention to her which made her feel even more pathetic. He was her first friend in kindergarten, the first stranger she ever had a conversation with. They resumed to kindergarten school the same day, and were seat mates which made them friends gradually.
.
  “Hi, Sage.” She waved, and he looked at her. 

   “Wassup?” He asked. 

   “My driver called, my car broke down on his way here, it’s gonna take a while for him to return with another car. So, do you care to give me a ride?” 

    “I’ll get a ride for you.” He said. 

     “You can’t give me a ride?” She asked in disappointment. 

     “I’m sorry, I’ve plans with my friends.” Sage said, and she glared at Paulina and Sophia. 

   “Them?” She blurted. 

   “It’s fine, Sage. You give her a ride, we can always hangout some other day.” Paulina said. 

   “No, it’s not fine. This will be our first hangout together.” Sophia blurted. 

    “Sophie…”. Paulina muttered. 

    “What?” Sophia whispered glaring at her. 

    “Alicia, I’m sorry. But if you don’t mind, you could hang out with us.” He said, and their eyes widened. 

    “With them?” Alicia shouted. 
*
  They all went to an arcade and engaged in different games together competing against each other, and to Alicia surprise, she had fun hanging out with them. 

  They left there later and Sophia insisted they help her create a video to post on social media, so Sage pulled over at an empty parking space. 

   “What? Are you seriously gonna do that challenge here?” Alicia complained. 

  “Yeah, this place is wide enough. Lina, hope you still remember the steps?” Sophia asked, and Paulina let out a sigh. 

   “Must we really do this?” Paulina asked. 

  “Come on, we already practiced the steps.” Sage urged. 

   “Sage, even you?” Alicia shouted with widened eyes. 

  Sophia set her phone camera on a stand, and the three of them did the video together while Alicia stood by watching them. Sophia made many more videos, and Sage insisted that he and Paulina do the dance challenge together. 

   “No, no, I made several mistakes, so I’d rather not.” Paulina said, raising her hands and they all laughed, expect Alicia who was obviously disgusted. 

   “Come on, we will only do the first simple steps.” Sage said. 

    “What don’t you do the dance with Alicia?” Sophia suggested, and they all looked at her. 

    “Me?” Alicia shouted. . 

    “No, she obviously doesn’t wanna take part, and I doubt if she knows the steps.” Sage protest. 

   “Come on, the dance is  tending on social media only an anti-social person like Lina won’t know it. But you are right, I don’t think she wants to do it.”  

   “Let’s give it a try.” Alicia muttered, and they all looked at her. 

    “Really?” Sophia shouted. 

   “Just one dance.” She said, and Sophia screamed in excitement. 

    “Thank you so much, this is really gonna go viral.” She giggled, and Alicia smiled. 

  Alicia and Sage did the dance together, and they all did many more videos together before going to a karaoke to call it a day. 
   
   They sang together at the karaoke before Sophia took the mic to sing alone, and the others watch. Sage and Alicia drink together from a bottle of wine, while Paulina was enjoying her snack and soda - the three engaged in a conversation teasing Sophia who seems carried away in her music. 

    “Thank you.” Sophia bowed when she finished singing, and they all clapped teasingly. 

   “You should study hard, Sophie, never think of pursuing music career.” Sage teased and they all laughed. 

    “I would take that advice.” She said, and they laughed again. “Now, allow me pass the mic to…Lina.” She said, and they all clapped. 

   “Go Lina, go Lina.”  They cheered and Paulina shook her head. 

   “No, I’m bad at singing.” Paulina protest. 

    “But you were so good at it when we sang together.” Sophia said. 

    “I know, but I can’t sing alone. Trust me, I don’t wanna embarrass myself.” Paulina said, and Sage chuckled. 

    “What if we sing a duet together?” Sage asked, and she looked at him. 

    “Yesssssss… you two should sing together. Sing together, sing together.” Sophia cheered and looked at Alicia who forced a smile and joined her. 

   Sage dragged her out, and they picked a microphone each. 

   “What song should I select for you?” Sophia asked. 

   “Lucky.” Sage replied, and they both looked at him. 

   “By Jason Mraz and Colbie Cailat? Sophia asked. 

  “Yeah.”

   “Nice choice.” She said, and selected the song. 

  “Do you know the song?” Sage asked Paulina who nodded with a smile. “Cool! Then let’s go for it.” He said, and they both did a high-five before they started singing. 

 🎶
Sage:
Do you hear me? I’m talking to you
Across the water, across the deep blue ocean
Under the open sky, oh my, baby, I’m trying

Paulina:
Boy, I hear you in my dreams
I feel your whisper across the sea
I keep you with me in my heart
You make it easier when life gets hard

Both:
I’m lucky I’m in love with my best friend
Lucky to have been where I have been
Lucky to be coming home again…
🎶

  They both sang lovingly together and later joined Sophia and Alicia to have dessert before calling it a day. 

  Sophia’s driver came to pick her up, and Paulina insisted on taking a cab home while Sage gave Alicia a ride home. 

    “Thank you for the ride Sage, and thank you for today. You made my day.” Alicia said, and embraced him. 

   “Don’t mention it. I know you are lonely now because your friends think you betrayed them, but you did the right thing. I know it’s coming late, but I hope it makes you feel better, and I’m sure your friends will come around soon once they realize what they are missing.”

    “I hope so.” Alicia muttered, then started playing with her fingers and Sage held her hand.

   “While at it, you can always make new friends, I’ll always be here whenever you need someone to hang out with, that’s if you can bear with Lina and Sophie as well.” 

   “They are good friends, now I see why you ignored me to be friends with them.”

   “What are you saying? I never ignored you. Besides, we stopped hanging out a long time ago.”

    “And you never realized what you missed.” She muttered, and he chuckled. 

    “I guess I’m realizing it now.”
    
    “Are we friends again?” She asked, her face brighten up in excitement. 

   “If you will also get along with Lina and Sophie.” He said, and she let out a sigh. 

   “Friendship with condition, but cool.” She said, and they both smiled. 
**
**
 Micheal has been thinking of a way to get closer to Paulina, and an idea came to his mind. He joined his parents later in the main dinning room to have dinner, and his parents engaged in a conversation together while Micheal think of the right way to interrupt them. 

    “Dad, I decide to give your suggestion a try.” He said, and his parents looked at him. 

   “What are you talking about?” His father asked. 

   “The volunteer session.” He said, and his mother chuckled. 

    “You were totally against it, what made you change your mind?” His father asked. 

    “I gave it all a thought after everything that happened recently. Going on that volunteer stuffs will help clear the air, it could also bring us together, it would be adventurous.” He said, and his father nodded. 

   “That’s a good idea. You should propose it to the boards, and find an orphanage to volunteer to, or a foundation.” His father said. 

   “Dad, eight hours volunteer in a rural area would be better.”

   “Rural area?” His parents shouted. 

   “Just for eight hours. It would make a headline.”

   “That’s interesting.” His father said. 

    “Are you sure it’s all about the headline?” His mother asked, and they both looked at her. 

     “Honey, do you’ve better suggestions?” His father asked. 

   “No, I think Michael’s suggestion will indeed make the headline.” 

   “Mike, that’s a nice suggestion, but I don’t think the staffs would be able to monitor all the grade 12 students in a new environment, remember, safety first.” His father said. 

  “Dad, all the students don’t have to be there.” 

   “If that’s the case, then most of the students wouldn’t go for it.” His father said. 

    “It should be mandatory for only the supreme class students.”  He said, and his parents looked at him, while his mother smirked. 

   “Wow! That’s incredible, but I don’t think they will like the idea.” His father said. 

  “They don’t have to like it, dad. It’s just a few hours adventure to appreciate what we have and try to lend to others.” 

  “That’s a good idea. Propose it to the board, they should find a safe rural area with a wide space to lay few tents. We could use it as our annual anniversary program, with theme ‘contributing to the society.’”His father said, and they all nodded. 

   “It didn’t even take you an hour to think of a theme.” His mother teased, and they all chuckled. 

   “I’m sure that even if we make it compulsory, many of the students won’t still attend. We should penalize them with denial to the upcoming parents- students dinner.” His father said, and they all looked at him. 

   “Honey, isn’t that too harsh?”

   “That’s why they will attend it. The parents come together that day to build connections, many of those parents can’t even afford the supreme class, but they make huge donations and pay a fortune for tuition because of events like that.” He said, and they both nodded. 

  “What gave you such idea, Micheal? It’s really interesting.” His mother said. 

  “He is a businessman, honey, not just any businessman but a Russ, he is his father’s son.” His father said, and he smiled while his mother forced a smile as well. 
*
 He returned to his room later, and tried to work but he couldn’t so he took a break and went online on social media, there he saw the viral video of Sage and Alicia on Sophia’s page with many positive reactions, he scrolled past and the video of Sage and Paulina singing together caught his attention. 

   “What? She hanged out with him at a karaoke!” He shouted, and started reading all the positive comments on the video - people commenting that they look good together. 

   “Disgusting! They should focus on their studies.” He shouted, and put his phone away. 

  He took the phone back later, and continued checking their videos, then he saw the video of all of them together. 

   “Did they all hanged out together?” He grumbled, and scoffed before putting his phone away again. 

   “Flrlting with two girls on the same day is highly ridiculous. Oh, there was also another girl. Such a w0manizer.” He grumbled, and covered himself with his blanket, tossing and turning on his bed.  
**
**
 The students all received the memo of the volunteer program, and they all started making a fuss over it.   
*
   The MASS went to their suite and they started talking against the program. 

    “Mike, you should’ve done something. We understand that your hands were tight with situation with Jayden, but you really have to stop this. At least let us be an expectation.” Austin said. 

   “It’s not compulsory.” Micheal blurted.

   “Then I won’t get to attend the big dinner. My father will disown me instantly.” Austin said. 

   “Then I guess we have no choice.” Stanley said, and Austin glared at him. 

    “Stan, even you?” Austin shouted. 

    “I think the decision is above Mike.” Stanley said, and Michael chuckled. 

    “It was all my idea.” With that, he went to his study and they both stared at his retreating back. 

    “I don’t know what you are plotting, Mike. But you should have spared us from it, for the sake of comradeship, at least.” Austin shouted in anger before storming out. 

    “Where to, man?” Stanley shouted after him. 

    “Somewhere, to my fairy world.” With that he left, and Stanley scoffed. 

   “Looks like we are alone again, wanna play some games?” Stanley asked Steven who nodded, and they both went to the game room together. 
**
**
  Alicia was about to leave the class during recess; the whole class couldn’t stop talking about the volunteer program, and she was disgusted by the idea as well, but in a way, Ava made them stop talking about it and divert the attention to her, mocking her with the videos she did with Sage and his friends. 

   She ignored them all and plugged EarPods on before carrying her bag to leave when one of the videos she did yesterday with Sage and his friends started displaying on their board. 

    “My, God. How pathetic!” A student shouted very close to her, and another removed her EarPods. 

   “Don’t block your ears, it’s bad for the ear. Remember, my dad is a doctor.” A girl teased, and everyone started laughing at her. 

   “Look who found herself a squad. The only son of the Supreme Court Judge who couldn’t even make it to the supreme class, a supreme class parasite that is leaching off Ava’s family, and a lowly regular peasant who got lucky to afford the tuition. That made a perfect squad with a traitor like you.” Lia mocked, and Alicia stormed out of the class in shame. 
**
**
 Paulina, Sage, and Sophia all met at the cafeteria rooftop talking about the volunteer program. 

   “For the first time, I regret settling for the middle class. I should be able to amend it before the trip“ Sage said. 

  “That’s tomorrow, Sage. The school didn’t even send the notification on time.” Sophia said. 

   “Come on, Sage. I’ll be fine.” Paulina said. 

   “She said she will be fine. For the first time, I’m happy that I’m not a part of that class, I can’t imagine spending eight hours in a rural area, ¥ucl!” Sophia said. 

    “Do you really have to go? The guy won’t affect you.” 

   “Sage, I’ll be fine. Trust me. It’s just eight hours.”

   “The party wasn’t that long before they locked you in that room.” 

    “I was gullible to trust them back then, but I know better now.” She reassured. 

  “Guyyyysss, you won’t believe the video I posted  just hit a million views. It’s not even 24 hours yet.” Sophia screamed, and they all cheered. 

 They had snacks together before recess was over, and they all went to their separate classes. 
*
  When school dismissed, Sage waited for Paulina by the elevator, and Alicia walked up to me. 

    “Hey, handsome. Are you waiting for me?” She asked, and he chuckled. “I guess not.” She added, and he wrapped his hand around her shoulder. 

   “You don’t look good.” He muttered. 

   “I’m glad you noticed. School is h€llish enough, and now I have to spend eight hours in a rural area tomorrow.” She blurted, and he chuckled. 

   “It’s not compulsory.”

   “But I can’t afford the penalty!” She blurted, and he laughed. 

    “Ok! You don’t have to raise your voice.” He teased. 

    “What do you know? You aren’t even going.” She muttered, and he patted her hair teasingly. 

   Paulina joined them later, and they all went to walked to the hallway together talking about the program, there Sophia joined them. 

    “Sophie, why did you tagged me in that video?” Alicia blurted, and they all looked at her. 

   “Because you were in the video.” Sophie replied. 

   “You should’ve asked for my permission before doing that.” She said, and Sophia looked at her speechlessly. 

    “It’s fine, it’s your policy. She will ask for permissions next time. Let it go. The programe tomorrow is the real thing on ground. I wish I could be there.” Sage said changing the topic because he could already tell that Alicia was about to throw a tantrum  

    “I wish I could go in my place, because it seems like you really love it.” Alicia said. 

   “There is no big deal in volunteering to the community. I once joined my grandfather during his foundation launching and it was a memorable experience.” Sage said, and Alicia rolled her eyes. 

   “Is that why you want to give it a try again? Go meet the principal, there might be an exception.”Alicia blurted. 

    “I’m really going to be fine, Sage.” Paulina said, and Alicia looked at them. 

    “Do you wanna go because of Lina?” Alicia asked. 

    “Sage is concerned because of what happened to Lina during Lia’s party.” Sophia said. 

   “It’s a supreme class thing, your friends are also gonna be there.” Sage said. 

   “They aren’t my friends anymore. They are literally bullying me now.” Alicia grumbled. 

    “Can I trust you to protect Lina from your friends?” Sage asked, and she looked at him. “After all, we are all friends now.” He added, and she nodded. 

    “Don’t worry, I’ll look out for her.” She assured, and he smiled. 

   “You don’t have to do these, I’ll be fine, I can take care of myself.” Paulina shouted, while Sage and Sophia nodded followed by laughters. 

  Sophia and Alicia’s driver arrived later, and they bid goodbye while Sage offered to drive Paulina out to find a taxi. 

   They entered his car and he gave her a phone. 

    “What is this?” She asked. 

   “What it obviously is.” 

   “Why are you giving this to me?”
     
   “I can’t let you go on that trip without a phone. My number is already saved there. Call me if anything happens, no matter where you are I’ll come get you.” He said, and she looked at him. 

   “When did you even prepared this?” 

   “After recess break. I called my father’s secretary to get it, trust me it’s good quality.”

    “I’m sorry, but I can’t accept this your card is still with me, this is too much. I’ve a phone at home, I’ll give you a call when I find it.”

    “Did you lost it?”

  “No, it’s in my luggage, I'll give you a call. I still have the number you wrote down the other day. I'm sorry.

It's fine. What matters is that you give me a call. He said and she smiled before he drove off.

TBC 

The program... 🤔
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
     📖📖CHAPTER FIFTEENT. 1️⃣5️⃣
.
       ❣️❣️ Mikey, to the rescue❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
 CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
*
 Paulina arrived home and she urged the maid that normally attend to her to bring the maid who collected her luggage the other day to her brought another maid to her and she did. 

   “It was you, the one with my luggage. Where did you kept it?” 

   “Miss Paulina, madam asked me to trash them.”
     
   “What? But my valuables- are there. My phone is there and other important things.”

     “I’m sorry, ma’am.”

    “I’ll go search for it.” 

    “Madam, we already sent out all the trash form then, you can’t find it.” The maid said, and Paulina let out a sigh before going to her room. 

    “I should have collected that phone from Sage.” She thought. “No, he has done more than enough for me already, I should’t be that shameless.” She protest, turning on her bed. 
**
**
^
 HOLLAND HIGHSCHOOL ^^^
^
 The school board held a press conference to announce the volunteer program ke and the chairman attended to render a speech. After the press conference, all the students assembled in the parking lot ready to enter the bus.

The students all wore matching shirts designed for the programe, gathered at the parking lot waiting for instructions before boarding the bus, and many of them didn’t stop complaining. 

  Paulina stood alone staring into space when
Sage ran up to her. 

    “Lina, I’m glad I catch you.” He said, panting heavily. 

    “Sage, what are you doing here?”

    “To give this to you, you didn’t call me yesterday.” He said, and gave her the phone. 

    “Sage…” 

    “Don’t say no.” He muttered. 

    “Sage, what are you doing here?” Alicia asked approaching them. 

    “Lina left something yesterday.” Sage said, and looked at Alicia who wore a safety jacket on her shirt. “What’s that for?” He teased. 

   “To be safe. Dad won’t let me leave without promising to wear this.”

   “It’s just a volunteer session, you aren’t going to war.” He teased, and they all laughed. 

   “You can go now Sage, Lina is safe with me.”

   “Yeah, I should leave. Bye, girls.” With that he left. 
*
  Lia arrived dragging a luggage and went to join Ava who seemed disgusted by the press attention drawn to her. 

    “Hi, babe.” Lia waved. 

   “Why did you pack so much for eight hours trip?” Ava blurted. 

    “Just some necessaries. Even though we’re going to a rural area, we could still create some contents out of it.” Lia said, and Ava scoffed in disgust. 

    “I see…”

    “Rae can’t even come because of her suspension.” Lia grumbled. 

    “Good for her, at least she would escape your lousy content and this creepy programe without getting penalized.” Ava blurted. 

     “Yeah.I wish I was suspended as well. She is currently somewhere in New York enjoying the blissful weather.” Lia whined. 

    “Good for her!” Ava blurted. 

    “But you could still take advantage of the moment.” She giggled, and Ava hissed before looking away. “Seems like the press are following  on us there.” She added in delightfully. 

  “And that disgust me more! They won’t stop bringing their cameras to me.” Ava blurted, and Lia chuckled. 

    “Seems like some people wish they were in your shoes.” Lia said, and pointed at few girls who were trying to get the press attention. 
*
  The teachers started directing them to the bus, and the bus took them all to the airport to board a plane to their destination. 

   Alicia stood side by side with Paulina talking about random stuffs when  Lia and Ava walked up to her. 

    “Look who found a new bestie.” Lia teased, and Alicia jaw fell. 

    “I’m willing to give you a second chance.” Ava said, and Alicia face brightened. “Don’t get too excited, I’m still thinking about it.” With that Ava hit her shoulder against hers and walked past her. 

   “That’s what traitors like you deserve. Enjoy the moment with your new squad.” Lia added, and followed. 

    “Just ignore them.” Paulina said, and Alicia glared at her. 

    “What do you know?” Alicia blurted, and left. 

  The students all boarded the plan and to Paulina surprise, Alicia sat beside her with her gaze focused on Ava and Lia who were chattering. 
*
 The MASS were the only students who traveled on first class, and Austin didn’t stop complaining till they arrived. 

   They arrived at the closet airport to their destination, and the school provided a bus to take everyone to their destinations expect the MASS who followed a private car. 

  They arrived at their destination and met their tent already filled with people anticipating their arrival. 

    “Gosh, this is gonna be more stressful than I expected.” Austin blurted. 

   “I heard enough, Austin! My ears are gonna bleed.” Mike lashed, and alighted from the car. 

   “It better do.” Austin shouted, and they all come down as well. 
*
  The students were randomly divided to different tasks, some tends to elderly, assisting the doctors and nurses present, some tends to the children, and some to the disabled people with the press videoing everything - expect the MASS who choose theit own tasks, and Micheal choose the elderly section because that was were Paulina was assigned. 

    “I’m sorry, dude. But you’re alone this time.” Stanley said, and they all lookEd at him. 

   “What are you talking about?” Austin asked. 

   “I’m heading to the kids section, I can’t attend to those grannies. Just look at them.” Stanley said, and they all looked at them. 

   “Yeah, Stan is right buddy, let’s go to the kids section or just hide away.” Austin said. 

   “That won’t do, we’ve to appear in the camera.” Micheal said, and Austin exhaled heavily. 

   “Then let’s go for the lighter task.” Austin said. 

   “I think attending to those granny will be fun. I don’t even get along well with kids.” Micheal said. 

    “You think that will be fun? Why don’t you become a nurse instead of a director?” Austin lashed rolling his eyes. 

    “You think that will be fun, but I think being with the kids will be better. Since our choices differs on this one, then let’s split up. Let’s go, Steve.” Stanley said, and left with Steven. 

    “Hey, where you are going? I thought we all agreed to stick together? Wait for me!” Austin shouted, and ran after them. 

  Micheal chuckled staring at their retreating  back before eye searching for Paulina until he found her. 

    “My son, could you help me with that?” A granny asked, pointing at her walking stick. 

   “Sure, granny.” Micheal said and helped her pick the walking stick assisting her to seat, and the principal called the press attention to him. 
  
  “This is so disgusting!” A girl shouted, and pushed a kid who touched her away before running off. 

  Theo principal chuckled and went to the press director. 

   “You know what to do, right?” He asked, and the director nodded. 

    “It will be erased.” The director assured. 
*
  Micheal devoted his time to assisting the medical experts , watching Paulina who seems to be enjoying a blast.  She laughed and make jokes with most of them, and later gathered few of them  tell them a story which caught the press attention. She was one of the few people enjoying the moment, and while watching her, Micheal found himself enjoying it as well. 

   Paulina wanted to assist an elderly man up to get his balance, but they both almost fell in the process and Micheal was fast to rushed to them. 

  He assisted the man and held Paulina who freed herself from him. 
     
   “Thank you.” She blurted, and continued tending to others. 

  “Be more careful.” He muttered before leaving. 
*
  Lia was assigned to the disabled people section, and she was having a tough time with everything 

   A blind man grabbed her unaware to get his balance, and she screamed pushing him away. 

    “Arrghhhhh… I can’t do this anymore. Dadddyyy…” She cried, and ran off.

  Few people laughed at her as she found her way to search for Ava who was attending to children. 

    “Babe, you really have to save me.” She cried, and Ava chuckled. 

   “Seems like you couldn’t take advantage of the moment as you planned.” Ava teased. 

   “I can’t do this anyone.” She whined. 

   “Look who we have here.” Ava said pointing at Alicia who was planning games with some children. 

    “She seems to be the one enjoying the moment. Even you, you were having a blast attending to them.”

     “Let’s go have some fun.” Ava muttered staring at Alicia and Lia giggled. 

     “Some fun, after like forever.” Lia said, and Ava smirked. 

  They both went to Alicia who excused herself from the kids wondering what they want. 

    “Where is your new bestie? Seems like she dumped you for some old geezer.” Lia teased. 

    “Are you gonna grab your second chance now, or you’re still having fun?” Ava blurted. 

    “I’ll take the second chance.” Alicia muttered in excitement. 

     “Then we have a deal.” Ava said, and smirked. 
*
 The principal announced that the programe was coming to an end, and started rounding up when Alicia walked up to Paulina. 

    “Hey, Lina, are you ready to leave?” Alicia asked, and Paulina nodded. 

    “Yeah, you?”

   “I want to use the restroom, do you know where the restroom is around here?” 

    “Yeah, down there, go straight down and turn right.”

    “Can you escort me?” She asked, and Paulina nodded. 

  They get to the restroom, and Alicia asked her to wait outside for her, and she waited for almost 10 minutes before Alicia come out. They were about to leave when a boy grabbed Alicia bag and ran off. 

    “Heyyyy… my bag.” Alicia shouted, and they both ran after the thief. 

    “I don’t think we can caught him.” Lina said already exhausted. 

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

    “What do I do? The bus is about to leave and my valuables are there.” Alicia cried. 

   “Let’s try to look around again.” 

    “Let’s split up.” Alicia suggested, and Paulina looked at her. 

     “We should?”

    “Yes, you go that way and I go this way. We should meet back in 10 minutes before the bus leaves.” Alicia said, and she nodded. 
*
  Paulina searched around for the theif but couldn’t find him, she heard the announcement for all students should board the bus so she started finding her way back when two thugs approached her. 

    “Hey kiddo, you must be here for the volunteer.” Thug 1 said walking closer to her

 She  counted her steps back in fear hoping someone will come rescue her from them. She already went far away from their tent into the town so there was no body she could call for help, and they seem to be in a remote area. 

    “We..,, we- weeee… already concluded the volunteer, so, bye.” She shuddered and wanted to leave, but the other thug held her back. 

   “Not too fast, kiddo. We don’t hurt big guns.” Thug 2 said. 

    “I’m not a big gun, I’m a scholarship student. You won’t get anything from me, so let me go.” She cried. 

    “No! You’ve a lot more to offer than you think.” Thug 1 said licking his lips in lust scaring her even more. 

    “I’ve nothing to offer you.” She gathered courage to shout, and hit him where the sun doesn’t meet before she ran off. 

 Thug 2 groan in pain, and thug 1 ran after her. She ran as fast as she could. She ran shouting for help but there was nobody around to help. She was almost loosing hope when she saw one of the granny she attend ti earlier. 

    “Granny, granny  he is chasing me.” She cried and held the woman. 

    The granny called the attention of her giant son scaring the thug away. 

    “Thanks a lot granny.” She said in gratitude. 

   “Don’t mention my dear. I thought you guys left already.” The granny said. 

   “Yes, we are about to leave. I should get going now, thanks a lot granny, thanks a lot sir.” She said, and the granny embraced her. 

    “That thug is a hired man. He doesn’t go around attacking young girls, he could come back, I’ll take you to your tent.” The man said, and Paulina accepted in gratitude. 

  The man helped her to the tents before leaving, and she hurried back to the toilet to get her bag because she dropped it earlier when she wanted to run after the thief. She didn’t find her bag  where she dropped it and had to enter the toilet to look for it. 

She found it inside one of the toilets when the door locked abruptly behind her.

   “Who is there?” She shouted barging the door. 

  She barged the door severally shouting for help but she got no response. She took her phone to call someone for help but only Sage’s number was saved there so she called him immediately. 

 The service at the place was very bad, so the call didn’t connect. She tried severally but it was all a failed attempt so she dropped the phone devastated and started hitting the door again. 

  “Is anyone there? Someone is locked in here…” She cried, but it yields nothing. 

She cried uncontrollably and had time to think of everything. If those thugs are hired men like the granny’s son claimed, then it could only mean everything was a set up from the start. Alicia deceived her, and they locked her in the toilet. 

   “She must’ve been in this with Ava, this must be the second chance that Ava wanted to give her. I should have known.” She cried.  

  She stayed in the bathroom  trying Sage’s number but it yields nothing. She cried hoping for a miracle, she was there for close to two hours before the door opened. 

  She raised her head up to look at her savior and saw Michael. It instantly reminded her of when she was locked up in the bathroom at school when she was younger and her childhood friend Mikey came to her rescue. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK to when Paulina was 6-year-old.***
*
  Paulina was bullied at school, and was later locked up in the restroom. She barged the door in tears crying for help, but no one came to her rescue. 

 She was there for almost an hour in tears when the door opened, and she looked up to see Mikey. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Paulina looked at her Micheal, and she could see her childhood friend in him. 

    “Lina, are you ok?” Micheal asked, and tears flow freely from her face. 

   “Mikey.” She cried, and embraced him. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Mikey, to the rescue 😁
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
    📖📖CHAPTER SIXTEEN. 1️⃣6️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️Knight from the helicopter❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
    <<<YEARS AGO>>>
^
Charlotte couldn’t concentrate on her regular daily routine after Grace’s birthday.  She has been thinking about Paul’s proposal. She didn’t give it much thoughts before, but after Grace’s confession, she couldn’t stop thinking about it. 

 Paul started courting her openly, bringing her flowers and going on dates together. She has always regarded him as a friend, but as they grew closer intimately, her feelings for him started confusing her. She couldn’t understand if she only see him as a friend or wanted more than friendship but she eventually accepted his proposal totally forgetting about Grace confession. 

  She asked Paul to keep their relationship a secret from Grace till she is able to gather courage to tell Grace, even though Paul he pleased with it, he gave in eventually. 

  Their school held a banquet to celebrate Valentine’s Day, everyone started talking about the banquet and making preparations. Grace invited Charlotte to go shopping with her, and Charlotte made up her mind to take advantage of that to tell Grace about her relationship with Paul. 

  They finished shopping and went to have lunch together. 

   “Their food here is really nice Charlotte, you should fry it.” Grace said, and Charlotte nodded. She and Paul already had lunch at the l restaurant before. 

   “Paul brought me here three days ago.” Grace said, and Charlotte chuckled because she and Paul went there there weeks ago, before they started dating. 

    “Grace, I’ve something to tell you.” Charlotte said, and Grace looked at her. 

   “I know.” Grace said, and Charlotte looked at her wondering how she found out. 

    “Ho..-“. She was saying, but Grace cut in. 

   “…- I know that Paul is dating someone. He now has a girlfriend, he goes out regularly and always busy my calls because he is on call with her, but I’m not giving up. I don’t care who she is, I’ll propose to Paul tonight.” 

    “Tonight?” Charlotte shouted, and Grace nodded. 

    “Yes! I’ll ask them to pack the food for us, I suddenly lost my appetite. But you could wait back if you want.” Grace said, and Charlotte shook her head. 

    “I’m good, we should pack it.” She muttered. 

  Her phone rang, and she ended it immediately when she saw it was from Paul, that was the fourth time he called. 

   “It seems urgent.” Grace said. 

  “Not really, it’s just my boyfriend.” She muttered. 
     
     “Wow. Congratulations, you met a new guy. Good for you, Charlotte, you know how to move on. But I’ll never let Paul go if I get my hands on him.” 

   “Grace, Paul and I are…”. She was saying, but Grace stood up. 

   “I’ll go get the waiter.” With that Grace left. 

   “Why does it feel like she is trying to avoid my conversation.” She thought, and let out a sigh. 
**
**
  During the banquet, Paul arrived earlier with a flower bouquet eye-searching for Charlotte when he felt someone touch, and he turned to see who he was expecting. 

  “Charlotte, you look so beautiful.” He said, and she nodded. 

  “Come with me, Paul.” She said, and dragged him away to a more quiet place.  

   “Do you wanna tell me something?” He asked, and she nodded. 

   “It’s about. Grace.” 

   “What about her?”

   “I feel we should tell her about our relationship now.”

   “Ok, she will arrive soon, I’ll tell her then.” 

   “Paul, there is also something you’ve to know about Grace.”

    “What’s it?”

     “Grace likes you.”

    “Don’t worry about that. She is just confused. I’ll handle Grace, let’s enjoy the night.” He said, and kissed her. 

   “What’s going on here?” Grace asked from behind, and Charlotte pushed Paul away. “The… the… both of you?” She shuddered in disappointment. 

   “Grace, we were going to tell you.” Paul said. 

   “When? After you walk down the aisle? I expected more from you Charlotte.” With that she left. 
     
    “Grace.” Charlotte shouted, and looked at Paul. “What do we do now, Paul?”
    
    “I’ll handle Grace. Don’t worry about her.” He said, and held her hands in assurance while she nodded. 
*
*
  <<<BACK TO PRESENT >>>
^
 Paulina and Micheal walked side-by-side in silence. Micheal cleared his throat to lessen the tension, and Paulina looked at him. 

   “Why-…”. They both said at a time and stopped walking. 

   “You, go first.” Micheal was quick to add. 
   
   “Why are you still here? I thought everyone left.” Paulina asked. 

    “Yeah, everyone left.” Micheal muttered, and remembered how he left the others earlier. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK to few hours ago***
*
 Everyone started entering the bus, and the MASS entered their private car expect Micheal. 

    “Mike, get in, we’ve a flight to catch.” Austin said, and Micheal looked at the students entering the bus. 

    “You guys should go ahead, I’ll follow.” He said, and turned to leave. 

    “What? When? You even left your bag!” Austin shouted after him, and he waved at them. 

  The private car left and he started searching for Paulina among the other students but didn’t find her. 

  He saw her when she left earlier with Alicia, and saw Alicia returned alone to join Ava and Lia - and together they all went to the bus. 

  Micheal looked around for her the whole time but couldn’t find her so instantly knew that Ava must’ve  plotted something against her which made him worried, so he ran back to look for her. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Micheal looked at Paulina thinking of an excuse, because he can’t possibly tell her that he returned to find her. 

   “Why did you call me Mikey again?” He asked, hoping that helps him avoid her question. 

    “Oh, I’m sorry about that. You reminded me of my childhood friend again.”

   “Why are you always reminded of your childhood friend whenever we are together? Is it because we are both namesake?”

    “I remembered when I was locked up at school years ago, he was the one who rescued me back then, although he wasn’t a saint himself.” She said, and Michael chuckled. 

   “You always find excuses.” He muttered, and she let out a sigh. 

   “Is the bus still around?” She asked later, and he looked at her in realization, remembering he told Austin that he would follow. 

   “The bus?” He repeated. 
    
   “Oh, I almost forgot that you aren’t following the bus, but can you let me ride back with you? The bus probably left already.”

   “Yeah, they left. And that was about an hour ago or more.” He grumbled. 

   “Obviously. So, can I ride back with you?”

   “I wish you could.” He muttered, and her face fell. 

    “But…”

    “I don’t think they wait for me either.”  He said, and her eyes widened. 

    “What? So how are we supposed to get home? You will call them, right?” 

   He bit his lower lip nervously, and touched his pocket. “I wish I could.” He muttered, and she glared at him. 

    “Don’t tell me you aren’t with your phone either.” She lashed, and he nodded. “It’s fine, I’ve my phone, you can just call. But there doesn’t seem to be any server around here.” 

   “Let’s give it a try.” He said, and she gave him her phone. 

  He dialed a number, and called it, but it didn’t connect. 
   
    “How is this possible? How do people at this village survive?” He muttered. 

   “They should be able to survive somehow, maybe the problem is coming from here. We can just go around to look for a place with a better network.” She suggested, and he nodded. 

  They walked around together, searching around for network but it was to no avail; already exhausted, they sat under a tree to relax. 

   “Why were you left behind? There is no way they would’ve leave without you.” Paulina said, and Micheal looked at her. 

   “And you? It’s the staff’s responsibility to ensure that all students get in the bus, there should be no  exemptions.” He replied, and she looked away. 

   “We know it doesn’t work that way at that school of yours.” She muttered. 

    “School of mine? You go there too.” 

   “No one cares about my existence at that school, expect my friends tho…” She muttered, and Michael rolled his eyes before scoffing. 

   “More people care about your existence than you think.” He said, and she looked at him. 

   “You don’t have to try to make me feel better, I know my place.” 

    “No, I care about your existence.” He found himself saying, and she looked at him. 

    “You?” She asked, and he nodded as he realized what he said. 

    “Yeah, I do. We got locked uo in a room together, and ended up together here somehow. That’s enough for me to know you exist.” 

   “Is that what you meant?”

    “Of course! I’m not trying to make you feel better. What’s running in that head of yours?”  He said, and poked her head before getting up. 

    “Ouch! Was that necessary?” She shouted. 

    “If it will help you think properly.”

  “Actually, Micheal, do you know you are weird?”

   “I’m getting that for the first time. But, wait! Micheal? You call me Mikey whenever you please, and now you are calling me Micheal. Can’t you just call me Mike like most people do?” He blurted. 

  “Is that your problem now?” She lashed. 

   “Hey, why are you talking back at me?”

   “Is there a rule which states that  I can’t? Or don’t they talk back at the mighty owner of the school?” 

    “Again?”

   “I wish I could do more than lashing at you, but I enjoy attending school without worries. You literally backstabbed Sage and I, when we trusted you.” She said, and his face fell. 

   “Why mention him?” He muttered, and she looked at him in disbelief. 

    “Are you offended because I mentioned, Sage? Is that the point here?” 

    “It was above me, I really wish I could put those girls in their place, but I don’t have the final say.” He muttered, and she could feel the sincerity in his voice but she refused to be swayed, she has been deceived enough. 

   “Why did you say I was special to you? We were coincidentally locked up together, and nothing special happened between us, emphasizing that I was special to you made you weird. How am I special to you?” 

   “That was my way of getting back at them.” He muttered, and she looked at him in confusion. 

    “I don’t quite follow.”

   “You must know by now that Ava and I don’t have the best relationship, she was my ex. It’s not a secret to anyone at school.” 

    “So?”

    “Oh… I see that you knew.” He exclaimed, nodding his head. 

    “You said it wasn’t a secret.”

   “Yes, it isn’t, but only those  who were curious about me knew it, and you didn’t seem like the type. Seems like I got the wrong impression on you.”

    “Gosh, what are you blabbering on?” She muttered, rolling her eyes.

    “Well… what do I expect? I stand out a lot.”

    “Of course you do, you go around with your puppies like you own the school., what am I saying? Apparently, you do.” 

     “What puppies?”

     “What should I call those disciples of yours?”

    “What? Did you seriously called my friends that to my face?” He shouted. 

     “I’m sorry if it annoys you, but they always follow you around like puppies.” 

    “They don’t follow me around, we walk together.”

    “Following your lead.”

   “That’s because I walk faster.” 

    “I’m sorry, I must’ve offended you.”

   “I don’t care about whatever anyone says behind my back, but to my face, you should mind your choice of words.” He said, scaring her a little. 

   “You haven’t answered my question.” She said, hoping that changes the topic.

    “To your question, I don’t know why Ava loathe you, but I wish to protect you from her.” He said, and she looked at him. 

    “Protect me?” She repeated. 

    “Oh, no, no, don’t take it wrongly, that’s my way of getting back at her, because I despise her.”

    “You wanted to use me? No, you used me?”

    “I’m sorry if that was the case, I was a c0ward as that puppy of yours claimed, even though I refused to admit it.”

    “What puppy?”

    “Just as you called my friend’s puppies, you also have one yourself. He is always hovering around you, but too bad, he couldn’t follow you to the supreme class. He got a limit.” 

    “I also wish I could get back at her.” She muttered, and Michael looked at her. 

   “You waht to get back at Ava?” 

    “She locked me up in a strange room the other day, and now, she locked me up in a strange town. What worse could she do in the future?” She said, and Micheal cleared his throat. 

   “What made you certain that she was behind this?”

   “It could only be her. She put Alicia up to everything, and I was gullible to fall in their trap again.”

    “Don’t say that, Lina. You aren’t gullible for trusting people. They are the bad people who broke your trust.” 

    “I don’t know how you plan to use me to get back at Ava, but I’m giving you the permission to use me. Use me as much as you can, because that’s the only way I can get back at her as well.” She said, and he shook his head. 

   “You don’t have to say what you don’t mean out of anger, you don’t even know me.” 

   “I know that you are a j£rk.” She blurted, and he glared at her. 

    “What?”

    “I know that you can’t be trusted, I know that you are also like them, like Ava and the rest, but since we have mutual enemies, we’re in same boat. Let’s walk together, Mike, just until we get back at Ava together. I don’t care about your reasons for hating her, and you don’t have to know mine either. I won’t ask you questions, and you won’t pry in my private life as well. We will tolerate each other to get back at Ava. As long as I’ll be safe.” She said, and stretched her hand to him. 

    “Wait! Is this like some contract? Why is there so many conditions?” 

   “I see no conditions here.” She muttered. 

   “If that’s so, cool. But I’ll add my condition as well.”

    “You aren’t going to ask me to stay away from Sage, are you?” She blurted, and his eyes widened slightly. 

    “How could you tell? Can you read my mind?” 

   “Because I don’t understand why you disgust Sage so much.”

    “He is a sneaky guy, he seems to have interior motive. You shouldn’t trust guys like him.”

    “I rather not trust you.”
    
   “But too bad… you do.” 
  
    “I never said I do. I’m just getting my all, since I’ve nothing to loose.”

    “Fine, I won’t ask you to stay away from him, but let this agreement be a secret between us till it’s over, and till forever.” He said, and stretched his hand towards her. 

   “You aren’t gonna tell your friends either?” 

    “They already know.”

    “But I can’t tell mine?” 

    “My friends knew before now, and it should end there, that’s how I work, I don’t trust anyone.”

    “Sage isn’t like that.”

    “I don’t trust him, just as you don’t trust me.”

    “If that’s what you want, I’ll keep it a secret from him, but that doesn’t mean I trust you.”

    “You don’t have to trust me, but I trust you.” He said, and she chuckled. 

    “Are you trying to pull a string on me?”

    “Just accept my hand, it’s hanging.” 

    “Then it should falloff, we already have an agreement even if we don’t shake hands.”

     “What? So how are we supposed to seal it?”

    “Why? Did you betrayed us last time because we didn’t shake hands?” She blurted, and he dropped his hand. 

    “We already have an agreement.” She blurted. 

    “We should find a way out of here. If we can’t call for help, we should at least find a way back ourselves.” 

    “How do you plan to do that?”

   “Do you want to do nothing and remain stranded here?” She shouted, and he shook his head. 

    “I don’t have any money on me, do you have any?”

    “Yes, I still have Sage’s card with me.”
     
    “What? He gave you his card?”

    “Yes, a black card at that.” She flaunted. 

    “Wait! Are you two in a relationship? No, are you getting married? Why would he give you his card?”

    “Are you questioning my friendship? Is that a part of our agreement as well?”

    “I’m just curious.”

    “Curiously killed the cat.”
    
    “Are you literally comparing me to a cat?”

   “Then don’t act like one.” She said, and ran off. 

    “Where are you running off to?” He shouted, running after her. 
*
  She was lucky to find the house of the granny who saved her earlier, there they discovered that there was never a good server at the place they lay their tent, but the server at the granny’s place disappeared as well although she ensured them that it’s gonna be back before midnight. They tried to buy transportation tickets, but the last bus already left, and the train won’t leave till midnight. 

  They both sat in front of the granny’s house lost on what to do, when they heard a loud noise from the air, they looked up to see a helicopter. 

    “I knew it, my friends must’ve been worried, they sent the helicopter to get me.” Micheal boasted, and Paulina looked up at the sky. 

  The helicopter looked for a safe place to land, and Michael held  Paulina who was disturbed by the breeze. 

  Immediately the helicopter landed, to their surprise, Sage came down from it. 

Paulina’s eyes widened in bewilderment, she freed herself from Michael and ran into Sage’s embrace. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 It’s about to go… 😉
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
    📖📖CHAPTER SEVENTEEN. 1️⃣7️⃣
.
    ❣️❣️Her new biography ❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
People gathered around the helicopter admiring it.  Paulina disengaged later, smiled at Sage who was glaring at Micheal. 

    “Why are you two together?” He asked, and she shook her head. 

    “That’s not supposed to be the question.” Paulina muttered. 

    “I’m sorry, I was just upset to see you two together.”

    “Why are you here? How do you know I didn’t leave with others? I was unable to reach you.” Paulina said. 

    “I should ask what happened.” 

    “It’s a long story, Sage.”

    “Then start explaining. I was almost out of my mind that I brought a helicopter to find you, so tell me why you are with him?” He shouted, and Micheal scoffed. 

    “Are you angry that she was with me, instead of worrying about what could have happened?” Micheal said. 

   “Stay out of it, man. No one is talking to you here.”

    “Seriously?” Micheal muttered, and scoffed in anger. 

   “How did you know that I couldn’t return with others?” She asked. 

   “I waited at school to fetch you.”

    “You did?” 

    “But you didn’t come down from the bus with others. I went to Alicia, and she told me you came down first, but I didn’t buy it. That wasn’t enough reason to fly the helicopter down here, but I became convinced when I saw Alicia’s post with her friends, so I instantly knew that something was wrong. I tried your number, but it didn’t connect, so I confirmed from the principal if any students alighted in another stop, but confirmed it was false. What really happened?” He asked, and she embraced him. 

   “I’m sorry, Sage, you must’ve been worried.”  She muttered. 

  Micheal glared at them disgusted and cleared his throat later. 

    “Errrmm… I know you are both happy to be together…  I mean, we’ve to leave this place, and it’s getting late.” He said, and Sage glared at him. 

   “Why are you here? At least in Paulina’s case, we know she was left behind, but they wouldn’t have left without you.” Sage blurted. 

    “Why are you emphasizing it that way? I might be the director, but we are both students and it’s the staffs duty to ensure no one misses the flight back, and all the staffs in charge will be penalized for their carelessness.” Micheal said. 

   “It’s not their fault, I was the one who couldn’t catch the bus.” Paulina said, and they both looked at her. 

   “You were left behind, so don’t tell me you are taking their side now!” Micheal blurted. 

    “Lina, someone have to he held responsibility for this, and it could only be the staffs. I agree with Mike on this.” Sage said, and Micheal scoffed.

   “You don’t have to agree with me, I’ll do it anyways.”

    “I know, you can tamper with those beneath you, that’s what you are good at.” Sage said, and Micheal glared at him. 
    
    “It’s getting late, we’ve to say goodbye to granny before leaving.” Paulina said hoping that helps change the topic. 

   “Yeah, we should.” Michael said, and went to grab Paulina’s hand, but Sage jerk his hand off. 

   “Let’s go, Lina.” Sage said, grabbing her hand, and dragged her away. 

  They thanked the granny, and all entered the helicopter while everyone waved at the as they left. Sage didn’t stop glaring at Micheal who ignored him by looking away. 
*
  They arrived in the city and Sage called his driver to come pick them up, before glaring at Michael. 

    “What? Why are you glaring at me?” Micheal grumbled. 

    “Aren’t you gonna find your way? Am I not kind enough to bring you with us, are you planning to follow us around?” Sage blurted, and Michael rolled his eyes. 

    “Us? Why are you emphasizing on ‘us’’? Are you two a couple? And where are you two going together? You don’t even live together!” He blurted. 

   “What do you care? I’ll take care of Lina, now find your way.” Sage said, gesturing him to leave  

    “I’m not planning to follow you before, but why are you acting like you are her guardian? Are you her boyfriend, or perhaps her brother? Better still father!” 

   “What’s your business? So far I’m closer to her than you, I’ve nothing to explain to you.” Sage blurted, and Micheal scoffed before rolling his eyes. 

    “Of course, everyone knows you are closer to her because you are always hovering around her like a lost puppy.” Micheal mocked, and Sage’s face twist in anger. 

    “What do you say? Lost what?” He shouted aiming at Micheal. 

   “Lost puppy.” Micheal repeated ready to fight him, but Paulina was quick to stand between them. 

   “That’s enough.” She said. 

   “Don’t you hear what that guy juts called me?” Sage shouted. 

    “That’s enough, Sage. Mike, this isn’t nice, you told me you don’t like it when I called your friends puppies, so why are you using it with my friend?” Paulina blurted. 

    “Because he won’t stick to his place, a friend shouldn’t be this clingy.” Micheal blurted. 

   “What really happened, Lina? What did you guys discussed?” Sage asked. 

   “We’ll talk about this later, Sage. Mike, take, call whoever to come pick you up.” Paulina said, and gave Micheal her phone. 

  “Why are you giving him your phone? Doesn’t he have his?” Sage blurted.   

   “Sage, please…” 

  Micheal called his secretary who promised to come pick him up immediately before returning Paulina’s phone to her. 

    “Thanks, Lina, and don’t forget our agreement.” He said, and she nodded. 

    “What agreement?” Sage asked, and Paulina shook her head. 

   “It’s nothing serious, we should leave now your driver is here.” She said, and grabbed his hand dragging him away while Micheal glared at them in disgust till they entered the car. 
*
 On their way, Paulina told Sage everything that happened, and he blamed himself for trusting Alicia. 

   “It’s not your fault, Sage.” 

    “No, it’s my fault. You trusted her because of me.” 

   “We both trusted her, and she is the bad one for breaking your trust.” 

     “And Mike? Why were you two together?”

    “He was the one who rescued me when I was locked up.”

    “You said so, I mean why was he left behind?”

   “I don’t know, he didn’t tell me.”

   “That sneaky guy, I should’ve  come earlier, I’m sorry.”

    “No, you owe me no apology. I’m not your responsibility, Sage.” She muttered, hurting his feelings. 

    “Do I make you feel like a priority?” 

    “Sage, that’s not what I mean.” 

    “Whatever why you mean it, it still the same. You are my friend, and I worry about you a lot. Seeing you with guys like Mike after everything he has done… and now this?” 

    “Sage, I don’t like to see you worry about me.”

    “Why? Aren’t you my friend? If I’m distressed can’t you worry about me as well?” 

    “I appreciate your concern, and I’m really grateful for it.”

    “But it makes you feel uncomfortable.”

    “Sage…”

   “You will find a cab from here. Stop the car.” He said, and the driver pulled over. 

    “Sage…” 

    “Take care.” He muttered, and looked away. 

    “Thanks for the ride, I’ll give you a call.” She muttered, and alighted from the car. 
*
 She arrived home, and she was welcomed by a resounding slap immediately she opened the door. 

   She held her already burning cheek, and looked up at Ms. Grace. 

   “You lowly peasant!” Ms. Grace shouted, and slapped her other cheek. 

    “What did I do?” Paulina cried, counting few steps away from her. 

   “How dare you ask me that?” Ms. Grace shouted, and wanted to hit her again but chairman Stanford held her hand. 

    “Honey, at least let’s hear her out.”

   “What do you want to hear? What did she have to explain?” Ms. Grace shouted, trying to free herself from her husband’s grip. 

   “Paulina, go inside.” Chairman Stanford said. 

    “She is going no where.” Ms. Grace shouted, and the chairman let out a sigh. 

    “Grace, for God’s sake!” Chairman Stanford shouted. 

    “It’s either she leaves now, or I call father and tell him all about her.” She threatened, and went inside. 

    “Paulina, leave for now, I’ll find you once she calms down, use this.” He said, and gave her his card. 

   “But, sir…”. Paulina shuddered wondering where he wants her to go. 

   “Just do as I say. Someone is trying to blackmail us with you.”

   “With me? How?”

   “Why did you hangout with local street people when the bus was about to leave?” 

    “Something happened…”

   “Whatever the case, someone took a picture of you with a man and sent it to Grace. The blackmailer thought you were adopted and they are trying to use it against us. You know how serious the case is now that the election is behind the corners.” He said, and Paulina looked at him confused. 

   “Just go, take the card and leave.” With that he told her the passcode and closed the door. 

   “Sir, sir, at least hear me out.” She shouted barging the door. “Where do he want me to go?” She cried. 

  She left the house later and boarded a taxi to the nearest bus station, she took her phone and Sage’s number was the only one saved there, but she didn’t want to call him. She think for a while, and created a TikTok account to search for Sophia. She found her account, and sent a message to Sophia. She waited for almost an hour but got no response so she intend to call Sage when Sophia message popped in. 

  She happily explained her situation to Sophia who asked for her location and promised to come pick her up.  

  She waited for more than half an hour before Sophia showed up in her car. 

   “Lina, what happened to you?” Sophia shouted, running into her embrace. 

    “Sophie, I don’t know who to call, I don’t even know anywhere around here.” She cried. 

    “It’s ok, Lina. Get in the car.” She said, with that they went to the car, and the driver drove off. 
*
  The ride to Sophia’s house takes close to an hour before the car pulled over in a mansion. 

  They alighted from the car, and Paulina took her time to look around, their mansion is large and beautiful, but it can’t be compared to the Stanford’s mansion. 

   “My parents are in, I already told them about you.” Sophia said, and Paulina nodded. 

  They went in together, and Sophia’s mother came to welcome them. 

    “Oh, dear, you must be Lina.” Sophia’s mother said approaching them. 

    “Good evening, ma’am.”  Paulina greeted. 

   “Oh, dear, come here.” Sophia’s mother said, and embraced her. 

    “Mummy, where is daddy?” Sophia asked, and her mother patted Paulina’s back gently. 

    “Lina, you guys arrived.” Sophia’s father said, joining them. 

    “Good evening, sir.”

   “Good evening, dear. Oh, you look stressed. Sophia told us what happened, you’ve nothing to worry about anymore.” He said, and Paulina nodded in gratitude, wondering what Sophia told them. 

   “Come with me, Lina, you should go freshen up.” Sapphia said, and pulled her from her mother. 

    “Oh, gently, do you want to hurt her?” Sophia’s mother said. 

    “Be careful, Sophie.” Her father said. 

    “You two shouod go freshen up, I will get the table ready for dinner.” Her mother said. 

    “Thank you, mummy.” Sophia said, and grabbed Paulina’s hand, dragging her away. 

   “Be careful with the way you are dragging her.” Her mother shouted loud enough for them to hear. 
*
  They got to Sophia’s room, and Paulina took her time to look around. It was a typical female bedroom that she see on tv, and magazines. The room is beautifully decorated all pink and a big BTS wallpaper on the wall. Sophia is their huge fan, and she tell Paulina about them a lot, so Paulina wasn’t surprised. 

   “I’ll get you a dress to change, you should go wash up.” Sophia said, and Paulina looked at her. 
    
   “Sophie, what did you tell your parents?”

   “Oh, them…”
    
   “Yeah, they were very worried, so I was wondering what you told them.”

   “Well… about that… they were aware of the supreme class volunteer programe, so I simply told them what happened to you there.”

    “What happened?” Paulina asked. 

   “I told them what you tell me.” She muttered, scratching her hair. 
    
    “Everything?” Paulina shouted with widened eyes. 
   
    “Of course not, I told them that you missed your flight  because you had to use the toilet, and you don’t know how to explain the situation at home because you will be blamed for it, so you were  stranded outside. The point is, you missed your flight back.” Sophia said, rushing her words, and Paulina chuckled. 

   “Thanks, Sophie.”

   “Don’t mention.” Sophia said, and they heard a knock on the door. “Tell mummy I’ll be down in a jiffy.” Sophia shouted before whoever it was said anything. 

   “Yes, madam. Take your time, and don’t stress Lina out, let her at least eat something before you bleed her ears with your mouth.” They heard her mother’s voice said, and they both laughed. 

   “We will be down in a jiffy, mum.” Sophia shouted.
*
  They joined Sophia’s parents in the dinning hall after they both freshened up, there a special dinner was served. 

   “Wow, mummy, why is dinner so big, are we expecting anyone?” Sophia asked taking her seat. 

   “What are you saying? I don’t know what Lina might like, so I prepared different dishes, but it’s nothing much, It’s just the way we normally have dinner. Right, sweetheart?” Her mother said, and her father nodded. 
 
   They gestured Paulina to take the seat next to Sophia, and they started eating in silence until Sophia’s mother gestured her father to talk. 

    “Errmm… Lina, Sophie said you are in the supreme class, and you went to the volunteer.” Sophia’s  father asked, and Sophia looked at him, she couldn’t already tell that he wanted to interrogate Paulina to know her family worth. 

    “Yes, sir.”
     
    “I hope it wasn’t stressful?” Sophia’s mother asked. 
    
    “Not really, ma’am.” 
    
    “Your parents must be very influential for you to be in the supreme class.” Sophia’s father said, and his wife nodded along. 

    “Not re-…”. Paulina was saying, but Sophia cut in. 

    “…- daddy, Paulina’s family are close acquaintances with the Stanford’s.” Sophia said, and they all looked at her. 
    
    “The Stanford’s ?” The couple shouted, and Sophia’s mother cutlery fell off her hand. 
    
   “The Stanford’s of first group, in-laws with the Packards’, the former prime minister’s family? Goodness, Sophia you never tell us your friend is from such an influential family. Welcome to our humble home, dear.” Sophia’s mother said, and Paulina managed to smile before looking at Sophia who gave her a pleasing look. 

    “So, what do your parents do? We know the Stanford’s, who are your parents?” Sophia’s father asked, and Paulina looked at Sophia. 

   “Daddy, you can’t know her parents.” Sophia said, and they all looked at her. 

    “Why?” Her mother asked. 

   “Her parents are foreign business owners, she lost her father years ago, and her mother was involved in a tragic accident few months ago which brought her to California to stay with the Stanford’s, so the Stanford’s are her legal guardian now.” Sophia said, and everyone eyes widened in bewilderment, including Paulina - she wondered how long Sophia made up that biography for her. 

  “Oh, dear.” Sophia’s mother said in a sober tone. 

  “Mummy, can we eat now? Lina doesn’t feel comfortable with this conversation.” Sophia said, and Paulina looked at her again. 

  “I hope you enjoy dinner, sweetie.” Sophia’s mother said passing some food to Paulina’s plate. 
*
  They talked about other things till they finished eating, and returned to their various room. 
*
  Paulina pulled Sophia by the collar when they entered the bedroom, and Sophia locked the door immediately. 

   “I’m so sorry, Lina, but that’s the only way my parents could accept you.” Sophia said. 
    
    “What do you mean by that?” 

    “My parents paid a fortune for me to attend holland high so I can associate with influential people for them to build connections. If I tell them I’m close friends with a special scholarship student, they would kick us out of the house together. I can accept you for whoever you are, but my parents won’t understand.” Sophia said rushing her words, and Paulina let out a sigh. 

   “I’m sorry for putting you in a tight spot.” 

  “Don’t be sorry, Lina. What matters is that everything is settled. Now tell me what happened?” Sophia said, and dragged her to seat on the bed. 
    
   “I already explained everything.” Paulina muttered.. 
    
   “Not in details. You only said you missed the flight because Alicia locked you up in the toilet, and the Stanford’s kicked you out. How did you get back? Why did they kicked you out? That Alicia is also a dem0n, I wish I could kick her a$$. I’ll make sure she hear a handful from Sage.” Sophia said, and Paulina laid flat on the bed. 
   “Tell me everything in details…” Sophia shouted, bouncing on her. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  At least Paulina had a place to go. 😌
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
    📖📖CHAPTER EIGHTEEN. 1️⃣8️⃣
.
    ❣️❣️The battle line…❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 Paulina and Sophia were fast asleep late in the morning, they spent all night chattering away so they slept late but a hard knock on the door jabbed them off from bed. 

  Sophia wobbled her feet to go open the door wondering why her parents were knocking so early which was unlike them. They normally leave her to come out whenever she wants. She let out a sigh, hoping it’s not to please Paulina again. 

  She opened the door to see her mother. 

   “Is Lina still asleep?” Her mother asked. 

   “Mummy, what?” Sophia grumbled. 

   “Chairman Stanford is in the living room.” Her mother whispered, and Sophia’s eyes widened in shock. 
*
 Paulina slept so well all night, she haven’t slept that soundly at her supposed father’s house, but going to the living room to see her father  made her realize that his house seems to be actually were she belonged now. 

   “Good morning, sir.” She and Sophia greeted when they got to the living room,, and chairman Stanford embraced her  immediately, surprising everyone. 

  “Paulina, I’m glad you are fine.” He muttered, patting her back gently. 

   They disengaged later, and they all sat down. 

   “I’m very thankful to you, Mr., and Mrs…”. Chairman Stanford said.

   “Wilson.” The couples chorused. 
    
    “Mr., and Mrs. Wilson.” Mrs. Wilson added, and Mr. Wilson gave the chairman his card. 

    “Oh… thank you so much for accommodating, Paulina. It really means a lot to me.” Chairman Stanford said. 

   “Don’t mention it at all, Mr. Chairman.” The couples chorused, and both laughed. 

   “Lina here… and my daughter are close friends, they are like siblings, sisters to be precise. She is also like a daughter to us, so this is her house. She is welcome here at any time, right honey ?@ Mrs. Wilson said, and her husband nodded along. 

    “Of course, she is always welcomed here.” Mr. Wilson added. 

   “I sincerely appreciate. I wish there could be a way to express my gratitude.” Chairman Stanford said. 
    
   “Of course, there is always a way.” The couples chorused, and laughed again. 

  “Mention it, and it’s done.” Chairman Stanford said. 
    
   “There..-“. They both said, and looked at themselves. 
    
   “There is no need for that, sir. As we said earlier, Lina is like a daughter to us… but since you insist..-“ Mr. Wilson was saying, and his wife cut in. 

   “…-Mr. Chairman, we’re not asking for too much. If you could just put in a word for us to have access to the coming parents- students dinner. That’s all.” She said, and her husband looked at her. 

   “What dinner is that?” Her husband grumbled. 

  “The grande dinner that holds in holland high every year. I heard the president is one of the honorable guests attending this year.” 

   “Oh, oh, you don’t mean it.” 

   “What do you even know?” She teased. 

  “But why request to attend that?” He asked 

   “You know nothing.” She blurted, and the chairman cleared his throat to get their attention.    

   “Mr. Chairman!” They both chorused, and bowed while the kids let her a sigh. Sophia chuckled and winked at her mother who winked back. 

     “The dinner is only accessible for parents in holland high school.” Chairman Stanford said. 

   “Yes, we know.” They both chorused.  

    “Actually… our daughter is also a student at the school, but she is in the regular class… and only parents with children in the supreme class are invited. But if you could use your influence to put in some words for us, let my husband and I be an exemption. We promise to behave!” She said, and clapped her hand’s together feigning a pleading look. 

   “Is that what you want?” Chairman Stanford asked, and her eyes brightened. 

   “Yes!” She said. 

   “No!” Her husband shouted, and they all looked at him. 

   “Sweetheart, what are you saying? That’s what we want.” She said, pitching him discreetly. 
  
   He adjusted away from her side a little and composed himself.
  “Mr. Chairman, if you could make our shopping mall one of your suppliers district…” He said, and paused. “I would forever be grateful to you!” He shouted, and startling them. 

   “Yes, sir. We’d appreciate that as well.” His wife added laughing sarcastically. 

   “I really appreciate your hospitality, so that won’t be a problem.” Chairman Stanford said. 

   “Thanks a log, sir.” The couples chorused. 

   “Don’t mention. We’ll be on our way now.” Chairman Stanford said, and stood up. 

   “Yes, Mr. Chairman. But I’d appreciate if you could give us your business card, you already have mine, but we might just…”. Mr. Willson shuddered. 

   “Yes, I should.” Chairman Stanford said, and gave him his card. “Just give me a call, so I can fix an appointment for us to discuss better.”

   “Oh, of course, sir. I would do that immediately.” Mr. Wilson said. 
    
    “Mr. Chairman, I hope you didn’t forget our first request?” Mrs. Wilson said. 
     
   “What first request?” Mr. Wilson blurted, eyeing her. 

   “I’ll see to that as well, I’ll contact chairman Russ.” Chairman Stanford said. 

   “Oh, you will contact the school chairman? Thank you so much  sir.” Mrs. Wilson shouted, and the couples bowed. 

Chairman Stanford left later with Paulina after thanking the couples again. 

  The family giggled after they left, and Mr. Wilson started kissing chairman Stanford’s card. 

   “This is the key to our never ending success.” Mr. Wilson muttered in gratitude. 

   “We should frame the business card, and hang it up. Who could believe a day like this will come when we will receive a direct business card from the chairman of First Group, not to talk of having his audience.” Mrs. Wilson said. 

   “Mummy, hanging that means sharing the contact.” Sophia said. 
    
   “Oh, yeah, you are right. Sweetheart, we should keep this safe.” Mrs. Wilson said. 

    “What’s that your request for? A dinner party?” Mr. Wilson said. 

    “What are you saying? Attending that dinner is a pure connection. It’s a free pass to a gathering of conglomerates.” She said, and Mr. Wilson eyes widened in realization. 

   “Yes, you are right.” He shouted. 

   “Daddy, you don’t have to shout.” Sophia whined. 

    “Let him shout. This is the reason we sent you to holland high, our sacrifice yield after all.” Mrs. Wilson said, and breathe out in relief. 

   “Sophie, continue to be good to Lina, ok?” Mr. Wilson said. 

   “Yes, daddy. She is my best friend.” 

    “That’s good.” Mr. Wilson muttered. 

    “I need to book an appointment with a famous designer before the dinner. How does LY sounds?” Mrs. Wilson asked. 

    “Cool!” Sophia muttered, an winked. “Mummy, I’ll also get to attend, right?”

    “Of course. It’s a parent-students dinner.” Her mother said, and they both giggled. 

   “Must you design your outfit from LY? You tried it last time but failed to book an appointment.” Mr. Wilson said. 

   “That’s why I would do it earlier now till I get the appointment. She is the designer that designs chairman Russ’s wife outfit during the unveiling of their new company in Los Angeles last year.” Mrs. Wilson said. 

   “How did you know? We aren’t even there.” Mr. Wisdom said, in bewilderment. 

    “You don’t even know anything.” Mother and daughter giggled, and laughed. 
   
     “What’s that supposed to mean?” He grumbled. 

   “You know nothing, daddy.” Sophia teased, and her mother giggled. 
**
**
  The ride to the Stanford’s mansion was in silence, the chairman felt too embarrassed to talk to her after his c0wardice act the other day. Thankfully, he asked his secretary to tail her after she left that way he was able to easily know where she was. 
*
 CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION ^**
^
  They went to the living room, and Paulina stood next to her father ready to get an earful from Ms. Grace. 

  Chairman Stanford showed her the message on Ms. Grace’s phone. In the message, an anonymous person threatened to post an article with her picture, a picture of when the thug held her hand in that rural area. The picture was properly edited that it looks like she was smiling. He threaten her to pay a certain amount, otherwise they will expose her identity as the adopted daughter of the Stanford’s family who is leading a carefree life. 

    “This isn’t true.” Paulina muttered, in tears. She already knew that it was plotted by Ava, but she doubted if they will believe her. 

   “Who cares about the truth? The election is behind the corners, and you are trying to ruin my reputation.” Ms. Grace shouted, and slapped her. 

    “Grace, that’s enough. I thought we discussed this last night, let’s hear Paulina out at least.” Chairman Stanford said. 

   “What does she has for say? Either it’s true or not, it won’t change anything.” Ms. Grace lashed. 

   “Even if you believe me or not, things like this will keep on happening.” Paulina shouted, and they both looked at her - that was the first time she will ever be that bold. She was also awed by her sudden confidence, but she realized that it either she speak up now or allow them trample over her because no one will speak up for her. 

    “What did you say? Did you just lashed at me?” Ms. Grace muttered in disbelief. 

    “It’s all Ava’s doing, even if I want to live quietly, she is always looking for a way to get rid of me. Either you believe me or not, she locked me up in a strange room weeks ago, and set me up in that trap as well. It’s all her doings, your daughter is the one who wants to ruin your election.” With that she ran to her room. 

    “That little…”. Ms. Grace grumbled within clenched teeth’s staring at her retreating back. 
*
  Paulina went to her room and broke down in tears. With everything that happened today, she realized that she would continue to have a difficult life if she doesn’t start speaking up for herself, because obviously her so-called father is scared of his wife. 

  She sobbed on her pillow missing her mother, and also wondering how her mother got involved with such people. She was in another world in her  thoughts when she heard a knock on the door. 

  She muttered a response and composed herself thinking it was the maid, but she was surprised when her father walked in - that was his first time in her room. 

    “Paulina, can you explain what you meant by everything was Ava’s doing?” He asked, and she glared at him. 
    
    “What will telling you change?” She lashed, and his eyes widened in shock. 

     “Paulina…”

   “The few weeks I spent here made me realize that you have no say, you can’t even fight for me when your wife was trampling all over me. Why do I’ve to live like this at my supposed father’s house?”
     
    “Paulina…”

   “I don’t care about whatever history you had with my mother, but now I could see clearly. You c0wardly abandoned my mum to suffer, and you brought me here so your wife could control me. I hate you, I don’t want to have a father like you. I never wish to have a father like you. I want to leave this house.” She cried, and wrapped herself on her bed. 

   Chairman Stanford stood there unable to utter a word, no matter how harsh her words might sound, they were all true. He abandoned Charlotte to be with Grace, and he still failed to protect his daughter from Grace. He left the room later without uttering a word, and Paulina cried herself to sleep. She needed someone to vent on, and her so-called father was the fit person, yet, he didn’t try to deny any of it, neither did he tried to comfort her. 
*
 Chairman Stanford and Ms. Grace didn’t summon Paulina for discuss anything again till the weekend fly by. Paulina didn’t leave her room either, she always instruct the maids to bring her food to her room because she wasn’t ready to face any of them - a father who can’t stand up for her, her stepmother who is more concerned about her political career, and her half-sister who is determined to get rid of her, regardless the consequences. 
**
 HOLLAND HIGH SCHOOL ^^^
^
 Paulina emerged the hallway heading to the elevator and the few students she passed by pointed fingers at her mumbling words to themselves. She didn’t pay attention to them until she saw some pictures on the floor. She picked one of it, and was startled to see the same picture her stepmother showed her. She instantly understood what all the stares were about, and she started picking up the pictures until she got to the elevator entrance, and saw a big poster on the wall with the picture boldly displayed and many hates comments. 

  She let out a sigh and wanted to rip it off, but then she was surrounded by many students. 

   👤”You piece of trash, leave out school.”
   👤”She is a cheap sIut”
   👤”She is a wh0re.” 

  The students shouted, throwing things at her and she tried to dodge it all until they stopped. 

 S he looked up later, and saw Ava and her friends standing in front of her. 

    “Shame on you, Lina. A cheap sIut like you can never be rebranded. You still retuned back to where you belonged.” Lia mocked. 

   “Your cover has been blown, Lina. I couldn’t believe I almost became friends with the likes of you.” Alicia blurted. 

   “Why? Must you take it this far?” Paulina managed to say, she was already torn to the core and felt so helpless. 

   “I want you gone, Lina. I’m going to dig out all your dirty acts fill you are gone completely. Out of this school, out of my house, and completely out of my sight!” Ava blurted. 

   👤”What? She lives at Ava’s house?”
   👤”What a shameless peasant.”
   👤 “She is such a parasite.” 
   👤”She is leaching off the Stanford’s.”

   The students mumbled, and Paulina looked around hoping someone will stand up for her, but there was no one. Everyone around was throwing shades, and glaring at her. 

 She closed her eyes as tears streamed down her face. She was tired of everything, and she just wished to disappear as Ava wanted. The students continue to insult her, and started throwing things at her and she closed her eyes to take it all, until they stopped, and everywhere became awkwardly silent. 

   “How dare you all do this to her?” She heard a familiar voice shouted, and she opened her eyes to see the MASS. “Lina, are you ok?” Michael asked worriedly, and embraced her. 

  Everyone around gasped, and she was equally surprised until she remembered their agreement, and she immediately made up her mind to take advantage of their agreement as much as she could - she have Michael, and no one can dare step on her if she was by his side - not any students in school, neither students in the supreme class, and not even Ava and her friends. 

   He released from the embrace later, and tuned to everyone angrily. 

   “I told you all that she is special to me, I warned you all against bullying her, so how dare you…”. He shouted, starling everyone, including his friends. 

   “What do you know about her to tag her as someone special do you? Look at this, are you aware that she missed her flight to hang out with her fellow loser?” Ava blurted, and threw the pictures at him while everyone gasped. 

   “This? Is this all you got?” He mocked. 

   “Mike, that girl is a piece of trash, why are you defending her?” Lia shouted. 

   “Because I was with her that day.” He said, and everyone started mumbling words. “We missed the flight because we were together. If you don’t believe me, you can confirm anyhow you can. Lina and I missed the fight, because we were together that day.” He said, and everyone gasped, including his friends. 

    “Ava, you still have to explain how you got these  pictures and how your mother almost got blackmailed by it. I was lured out to town by Alicia, and almost got attacked by some thugs, but thankfully I was able to escape. You will have to explain how you got those pictures, and the story you attached to it because Mike and I were together after the incident, we both missed our flight because we were together. If this is your way to get rid of me, then you still have a long way to go because I’m going nowhere, and mind you, if you keep this on, I would careless about the contract I signed, neither your mother election. You know what I meant by that, remember - I’ve got nothing to lose.” Paulina blurted, to everyone surprise. 
     
   “How dare you…”. Ava shuddered. 

   “Let’s go, Mikey.” Paulina said, grabbing Micheal’s hand, and everyone gasped, including his friends. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 Paulina finally declared war. 😉
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
    📖📖CHAPTER NINETEEN. 1️⃣9️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️Once upon a caring friend ❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  The MASS left the scene with Paulina, and walked down the hall way heading to their suite. Austin and Stanley exchanged gazes, and Austin walked between Micheal and Paulina who were still holding  hands. 

   “Ouch…”. Micheal whined, and Austin clapped.

  “Yes, yes, that was a nice acting you both pulled off, I’m sure Ava is sulking somewhere right now. But please… Miss scholar, no one is looking anymore, could you kindly retreat, and stop following us?” Austin said, and Paulina let out a sigh in realization. She was carried away by the act, that she followed them without thinking. 

   “Yeah… I should be on my way now.” Paulina muttered, and intended to leave but Michael dragged her back. 

    “She is coming with us.” Michael said. 
    
   “She is what?” Austin and Stanley shouted, and they all looked at him. 
   
    “You can’t be serious, man.” Austin blurted. 
    
    “Mike, I don’t care if this is all your way to get back at Ava or you have other intentions. We will gladly support you in public, but you can’t force us to associate with the likes of her.” Stanley said, and Austin nodded along. 

   “Yeah, Stan is right, I’m totally against it. As long as that suite belongs to the MASS, we all have equal rights there.” 

   “Mike, just let her go, or you follow her if you have anything to discuss, we can’t welcome a pedant in our domain.” Stanley said, and Michael let out a sigh. 

   “Just until I get back at Ava.” Micheal muttered. 
    
    “NO!” They both shouted. 
    
   “It’s two against  one, so you will have to listen to us this time.” Austin said. 
   
    “Mike, I’ve to go to class anyways.” Paulina said, hoping he let her go. 
   
    “Steven, what do you decide?” Micheal asked, ignoring Paulina - although he knows Steven will always agree with the majority. 

    “Man, if you are with us remain were you standing, if you are out, go stand next to Mike.” Stanley said, and Steven didn’t  hesitate to go to Micheal. 
    
     “Seriously?” Austin shouted. 
   
    “Thanks, man. I believe it’s settled now.” Micheal said, patting Steven’s shoulder. 

    “How can you take his side, Steve?” Austin lashed. 
   
    “The man simply pick a side, but that doesn’t mean it’s decided. Now, we are even, you still haven’t won.” Stanley said. 

    “What does that mean?” Micheal asked, and they all looked at Stanley. 

    “You never let us bring an outsider to our suite, that only changed when you were dating Ava, but we all agree to it back then. But since we can’t come to an agreement now, we should stick to our old rules.” Stanley said, and Austin nodded. 

    “I second him.” Austin added. 

    “Why are you all being difficult?” Michael whined. 

    “It’s either her, or us?” Austin shouted. 

   “And if I choose her?” Michael asked back. 

   “Then you leave with her!” Austin blurted. 

   “Seriously?” Michael laughed. 

   “Fine, she can come with us.” Stanley said, and Austin glared at him.  

    “Why are you changing your vote?” Austin shouted. 

   “Because obviously, Mike won’t listen to us.” Stanley blurted, and Michael clapped. 

   “Fine, fine, I believe now we could say majority won the vote.” Micheal said. 

    “Insolence! You, Steven, you were always siding with the majority, why did you take Mike’s side? And you Stanley, you aren’t a man of your words.” Austin blurted, and left angrily. 

   “He will come around.” Stanley said, and patted Michael’s shoulder. 
**
**
  Sage arrived late at school and summoned Alicia to the cafeteria rooftop. She joined him almost immediately, in excitement, wondering what he wants to discuss with her. 

  “Sage, why do you want to meet here?” She asked, adjusting her hair. 

    “Why did you do it?” He muttered, and she let out a sigh as she instantly understood him. 

    “What are you talking about?” She asked, feigning ignorance. 

   “We both know you are feigning ignorance, I’m not buying that.”

   “I don’t know what you are talking about, so it’s either you make me understand, or I return to class.” She blurted.

    “You said you would protect Ava from your friends, but they used you to get her instead. Why did you do it?” 

    “You know nothing, Sage.”

    “What exactly do I not know? Make it clear!” He shouted, starling her. 

    “You’ve no rights to accuse me!” She blurted. 
   
    “Yes, I don’t. I was gullible to think you will be different from them.”

    “Lina ditched me first!” She shouted, and he looked at her. 

    “What do you mean by that?”

   “When we arrived there, she ditched me and was hovering around Mike. She even missed her flight because she was with him.”

    “What nonsense are you spouting?” 

    “You only trust Lina, right? Even if you met me before her, you blindly believe everything she tells  you because you like her!” 

    “What you are saying is irrelevant to what you did. You lured Lina to town, paid some thugs to take advantage of her, and locked her up in the restroom which made her missed her flight. That’s all your doings, so don’t try to play them victim complex with me.” He said, and she laughed sarcastically. 

   “Yes, I asked her to escort me to the restroom , and she thought I lured her out when my bag got stolen, we decide to return after 10 minutes but I didn’t see her, until the bus left.” 

    “So why did you lied to me?”

    “I did that because I know you would be worried, I know you would be heartbroken if I tell you she was with Mike.”

    “So, who locked her in the restroom?”

   “What nonsense are you blabbering on? My friends and I were part of the first people to board  the bus, so if she was really attacked by the thugs and went through all that, what time did she return to the restroom to get locked up there? We should’ve all be gone by then, expect her and Mike who missed the flight.” 

    “Is that so?” He muttered, and chuckled. 

    “You still doubt me, right? If she wasn’t with Mike, then why did Mike missed the flight as well? You can’t tell me they were locked up together.”

   “I will figure that out myself.” He said, and turned to leave. 

   “They said it themselves… Mike and Paulina.” She shouted, and Sage looked at her. 

    “What?” He muttered. 

   “They said they were together. There was a scene earlier before class, the video is all over the student’s community group. They said they were together, she even threatened Ava, and left holding hands with Mike.” 

    “That’s not possible.” 

   “If you doubt me, would you doubt this video as well?” She asked, and showed him the video of the earlier scene.

     “This is nonsense.” He grumbled with clenched fist. 

    “I tell you, Sage, you know nothing about her. She is just using you.” She said holding his hands, and he jabbed her hands off making her fall to the floor. 

   “Don’t say what you don’t know.” He blurted, and left. 

   “Believe it or not, Sage, she is just using you.” She shouted after him. 
**
**
  Paulina entered the MASS suite, and she couldn’t contain her amazement. The suite is as beautiful as any private suite she have seen on tv and magazines. 

   “Wow! So a place like this exists in this school.” She found herself saying. 

   “Welcome to my haven, Lina.” Micheal said, proudly. 

    “But you shouldn’t feel comfortable here, because you are an outsider.” Austin said, joining them from the game room. 

    “I know you wouldn’t sulk for long.” Stanley teased, patting Austin’s shoulder. 
     
   “Who is sulking?” Austin grumbled. 

   “Come on, man, let’s just try to get along.” Michael urged with that, Stanley and Austin glared at him. 

    “I’ve a principle, Mike, and I believe we all share  that in common. We must never associate with a peasant like her, a parasite who is leaching off others.” Austin blurted, and left. 

   “Seriously, man. You really gotta define your true intentions, because you are starting to disgust me.” Stanley blurted, and whet to the game room. “Steve, wanna clear your head?” He shouted from the game room, and Steven went to join him. 

    “Now, we are alone.” Michael muttered, and winked at Paulina. 

   “Your friends are angry at you because of me.” She said, and he chuckled. 

    “They are just sulking, they would come around.” 

   “I really don’t have to be here if it makes them feel so uncomfortable.” 

   “Ignore them, I’m sure you guys will get along with time. Most especially, Austin. He always plays hard to get.” 

    “You don’t have to try this hard. I don’t have to get along with your friends for us to work on a common goal.”

   “Getting along with them isn’t that bad either.” He said and she nodded. 

  Her phone rang later, she check the caller ID to see it was Sage. Before she could receive the call, Micheal collected the phone from her and ended the call. 

   “What’s that for?” She shouted. 

   “Since we are on a team, we should exchange contact at least.”

    “But that’s not enough reason for you to end my call.”

   “I’m sorry, you can always return the call.”

   “Seriously?” 

   “Lina, I barely apologize, so just accept my apology.”
    
     “Are you threatening me now?”
     
    “What? You only have Sage’s number on your phone?” He shouted. 

    “No, Sophie’s contact should be there as well.”
    
    “It’s not there.” He said, and she collected the phone from him. 

    “Why are you going through my contacts?” She shouted. 

    “I wanted to save my contact there.”

    “Then you should’ve just done that.”

   “Why don’t you have your mother’s contact at least?”

    “Do you know my mother?” She asked, and he smirked. 
    
    “Why would I know your mother? I’m just curious because you should have your parent’s contact on your phone even if you don’t have many friends.”

  “You should have said parents, and not mother.” She muttered, and he nodded in realization. 

    “Yeah… it’s just that I believe all teenagers get along with their mother.” 

   “It seems like you get along pretty well with your mother.”

   “That’s never the case with either of them.” He muttered. 

   “Either of them? Do you’ve two mothers?”

    “Hun?” He muttered, when he realized what he said. 

    “You said it wasn’t the case with either of them.”

    “I mean my parents, mum and dad. We only get along when the company is involved, in the right way of course.” He said, and she nodded. 

   Her phone rang again, and she picked it immediately. 
*
  She went to the cafeteria rooftop where Sage request they meet, and she met him there waiting for her. 

   “I apologize for calling you out, you must’ve been busy in class.” He said, and she shook her head. 
    
    “I wasn’t in class.”

    “Were you with Mike?” 

   “Sage, I don’t know how to explain the situation to you.”

    “You know I’ll always understand no matter how you explain it, so you’ve no excuse.”

   “I’m sorry. I want to return this to you.” She said, and brought out his card. 

   He looked at her and chuckled. “Do you want to cut ties with me? Did Mike ask you to do that?”

    “Sage…”

   “I could understand, he hates my guts, and the feeling is mutual.” He said, and she looked at him. “But I can’t understand you!” He shouted, startling her. 

   “Mike has nothing to do with this, and I’m not trying to cut ties with you. Chairman Stanford gave me his card, so I want to return yours. It has really been helpful since you gave it to me.” 

  “Why are you doing this to me, Lina?” He muttered, and she looked at him. 

   “What did I do?” She asked confused. 

   “Why were you with Mike the other day?”

   “I thought I explained that to you.”

   “You did, but it doesn’t make sense. Why would Mike miss his flight in first place, do you care to know that?”
    
   “He must’ve some business that left him behind.”

    “Which is?”

    “Sage, I’m not a detective. Mike rescued me, am I supposed to question his intentions?”

   “You are too naive, Lina, and that’s why you easily get fo0led. Did you two make any agreement after he rescued you, or how best would you explain your little act with him? I wasn’t  at school, but I saw the video.” 

   “That’s enough, Sage, if you are going to continue acting this way, then we will always argue. That’s enough! Being friends with you doesn’t mean I can’t be friends with Mike, and it’s vice versa. I was being bullied, and I merely stand up for myself with Mike’s help. We are friends, but we are both free to have other friends.” 

   “Are you breaking off our friendship if I’m against your friendship with Mike?”

   “You’ve no reason to be against it. Like I said the other day, I’m not your responsibility. You’ve done a lot for me as a friend, and I truly appreciate it. I could do the same for you as friend, not just for you, but Sophie as well. Because we are all friends, and friends should be there for each other.”

    “Friends? Of course we’re friends… just as we’re friends with Sophie. But friends should also listen to each other, and be on the same boat.” He said, and left. 

    “Sage.” She wanted to call, but controlled herself from calling him. He is over protective of her, and setting boundaries to their friendship was the only way for her to accomplish her mission with Micheal. “I’m sorry, Sage. I hope you will understand with time. I really have to survive, and this the only way I can.” She muttered, and looked at his card, remembering their first meeting. “He has always been good to me.” She thought, and  tears steamed down her cheeks. 

  She composed herself and left the rooftop later. On her way, she couldn’t stop thinking about Sage, that she almost hit the pole in front of her, but someone was quick to put his hand there for her. 
    
   “Owww…”. She grumbled, and looked up at her savior surprised to see it’s Steven. 

    “You still have it, right? My pendant!” He muttered, and she gasped. That was the first time she heard his voice, or see him talk. She almost thought he was dumb to always be quiet. 
**
**
  Ava paced around in her suite, and her friends let out a sigh already exhausted. She has been that way for a while now. 

   “Ava, are we really going to let that girl trample over us like that?” Lia blurted. 

  “She even threatened you with your mother’s election. What does she have again you?” Alicia asked. 

   “Why? So you could go back to her and use it to make your father the mayor?” Ava blurted, and Alicia face twist in a frown. 
    
   “What nonsense are you blabbering?” Alicia shouted angrily. 
    
   “Will you be quiet? I can’t even think straight.” Ava shouted. 
    
    “You’ve been thinking for quite a while now. It will really be difficult to get rid of her now that Mike got her back.” Lia said. 
    
   “Then we’ve to separate them.” Ava muttered. 

   “How would you do that? Mike has always been going around that she was special to him since then got locked up together, and now they have became closer after spending time together.” Lia said. 

    “I can sense something fishy in their sudden closeness. If Mike stayed back to be with her, his friends would be aware of that, but they seem equally stunned.” Ava said. 

    “What are you saying?” Lia asked. 

   “Mike doesn’t keep secrets from his friends. If he was really close to her to her, and missed his flight to hang out with her, they would be aware of that” Ava said. 

    “So what’s your point?” Lia asked. 

  “Something is fishy.” Ava muttered, ticking her lips. 

    “Ava, I was meaning to ask you something… did you locked Lina up in the restroom?” Alicia asked, and they both looked at her. 

    “What nonsense? Why do you ask such?” Lia blurted. 

    “Because she lied to Sage that we locked her up in the restroom, and that was why she missed her flight.” Alicia said. 

    “You are still on that middle class loser again? Alicia, have you finally lost it?” Lia blurted. 

   “Don’t speak that way about him, there must be a reason why he is in the middle class.” Alicia defended. 

   “Who cares?” Lia lashed. 

  “That’s enough, you two.” Ava shouted, and they both composed themselves. “If Paulina claimed that she got locked up, it could only mean that Mike rescued her and they made an agreement after that.” 

    “But we didn’t lock her up. Did you put someone up to it?” Lia asked. 

   “Someone must have disgust her as much as we do, or it could be the other way round.” Ava said smiling evilly, and they both looked at her. 
       
   “What do you mean?” Lia asked. 
    
   “We’ve to find out the real reason Mike missed his flight.” Ava muttered. 
    
     “And?” Lia asked, wondering how that will do them any good. 

   “Then we could know how to seperate them. It’s going to be difficult to get rid of Paulina if Mike got her back, like you said earlier.” Ava said, and Lia smiled. 
    
    “I’m glad you agreed with me.” Lia muttered, and Ava glared at her before smirking. 
**
**
  MRS. RUSS’S (Micheal’s mother) OFFICE ^^^
^
  Mrs. Russ was working on her computer when her secretary distracted her with a video that shows Micheal and Paulina scene at school. 

    “So that was why he missed his flight.” She muttered, and smirked. 

   “Ma’am, what should we do about the video?”

    “Make sure it doesn’t go outside the school walls, we can’t afford any scandals with a special scholar that is being bullied.” 

    “Yes, ma’am.”
    
    “This is getting interesting, Micheal, seems like you are trying to pick up what you left behind.” She muttered, and chuckled. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 This is going … 😳
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
    📖📖CHAPTER TWENTY. 2️⃣0️⃣
.
      ❣️❣️The past strategy❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 Paulina count few steps away from Steven to get a better look at him, and he smirked before leaving. 

   “Hey, Steve, wait up.” She shouted after him, but he ignored her. 

  After he claimed that the pendant wasn’t his the back then, she stopped bringing it to school and left it at home. She let out a sigh, wondering why he lied before and came now to ask her about the pendant.  
*
 She didn’t return to the MASS suites, instead she went  to class, and on her way in she saw the MASS also going to the classroom, and they all walked in together. 

  She intend to go to her seat, but Micheal dragged her back, and she looked at him. 

    “What?” She grumbled. 

  He shook his head, and dragged her to the seat next to theirs. 

   “This will be your seat henceforth.” He said, and she looked at the student seated there. 

   “But it’s his seat.” She said, and Micheal smirked. 

   “What are you waiting for?” Micheal blurted, and the students left the seat immediately with his belongings. 

   “Seriously, Mike…”. Paulina muttered, and let out a sigh. 

    “There is no one there, so make yourself comfortable.” Micheal said, and they all went to sit. 
  
   The students looked at them mumbling words, but were too scared to speak up. 
*
 During recess break, Sophie summoned Paulina to the cafeteria rooftop, and Paulina joined her there almost immediately. 

  They exchanged pleasantries, and sat together to eat the snacks Sophia brought. 

   “What’s wrong with Sage? He isn’t replying my messages.” Sophia complained, and Paulina batted her lashes in guilt. 

   “Errmm… Sophie, about Sage…”. Paulina shuddered. 

   “I know.” Sophia said. 

   “What do you know?” Paulina asked, wondering if Sage already told her what happened between them. 

    “I know that you and Sage fought because of Mike.”

   “Did Sage tell you everything?”

  “What’s there to say? I saw the video in the student’s community, and I’m sure Sage will throw a tantrum because of it. Don’t blame him, Mike betrayed you first, but I’m still rooting for Mike.” Sophia said, and Paulina smiled. 

    “Is that it?” Paulina muttered in disbelief. 

   “Tell me about it, babe. Did you entered the MASS suite. I heard Angels always descend there.” Sophia giggled, and Paulina laughed. “Tell me about it, Lina, tell me about it.” She said, ticking her. 
*
  Paulina returned to class later, and when school dismissed she took the elevator to the first floor, and saw surprised to see Sophia there waiting for her - that was new, Sage was always the one waiting for her. 
     
    “Sophie.” She called. 
    
   “Lina, what do we do?” Sophia grumbled, making Paulina anxious. 
    
    “What happened?”
   
    “A classmate of Sage, his name is Miguel, he followed me on social media, and we kinda became close from chatting, I think he likes me, he is not that bad… his father is the president of one of the company under Russ Group. One of the thriving companies, to be precise.” Sophia said, and Paulina let out a sigh - she almost panicked from thoughts that something bad might have happened. 

   “So?” She blurted. 

  “He told me about Sage.” Sophia said, and Paulina suddenly became interested. 

   “What’s it?” She asked. 

  “It looks like Sage is going to transfer school. What really happened between you two?”
   
   “What? Sage is going to transfer?”

   “What really happened between you two?” Sophia urged, but Paulina ignored her. 

  She dialed Sage’s number but it sent her straight to voicemail, she tried severally and it’s still the same. 

    “His number is out of reach. I guess he is really planning to leave. You’ve to make up with him, Lina. Regardless what the problem is, Sage is our friend.”

   “How do I do that? His number isn’t even connecting.” Paulina shouted. 

   “Relax. I know where he stays. I’ve a friend at their vila, I can just contact the friend to have access in their estate. Let’s go to him.” Sophia said, and Paulina nodded. 
*
  Sophia instructed her driver to drive them to the estate and Sophia received a call on their way. 

   📞*Hello, mummy.*
   📞*I’ll be a little late today.”
   📞*Really? Aunt Toria is back?*
  📞 *Oh my… I’m coming right now. I’m on my way to the airport.* With that she dropped the call, and Paulina looked at her. 

    “Did something happened?” Paulina dled. 

   “Yes, no, I mean yes. Something good happened.” Sophia said, trying to catch her breath. 

    “Do we’ve to turn the car around?”

   “No, but I’ll get off. You, just go to Sage, my friend will guarantee a smooth pass for you.”
   
    “What? I should go alone?”

   “I’m sorry. My godmother just arrived, I’ve to go to the airport to welcome her if I want her to get me the designer bag I desire. I’m sorry, Lina.” With that, the driver stopped the car. “The driver will take you to Sage, I’ll just order a ride from here.”

   “What? Sophie…-“. Paulina was saying, but Sophia got down from the car. . 
  
  “I’m sorry, babe, make sure you convince him to change his mind. I promise to make it up to you.” Sophia said, and blew her a kiss, with that the driver drove off. 

  “Wait… Sophie.” Paulina shouted, looking outside the window at Sophia who waved at her till the car drove off. 
*
  She arrived at Sage’s house, and she took her time to admire the magnificent building before composing herself. The staffs gave her access in after she told them she was Sage’s friend from school, and she waited in the living room while they went to inform him of her arrival. 

  She sat in the living room, and looked around, when someone suddenly came out from under the window.

   “BOOM!” The person screamed. 

   “Argghhh…”. She shouted in fear, looking at the scary little girl. 

  A little girl of about 8-year-old, who wore a funny custom covered her face with a scary mask, and carried a fire extinguisher. 

    “Who are you?” She shuddered in fear. 

    “I should ask you that, but your ID says it all. You must be Lina, Sage’s girlfriend.” The girl said, and removed her mask. 

    “Girlfriend?” Paulina repeated with widened eyes wondering what Sage has been telling others. 

   “What girlfriend?” Sage asked joining  them. 

   “Isn’t she is the Lina you always talk about?” The girl asked, and Sage nodded. 

   “I never said she was my girlfriend.”

   “But mum said she is.” The girl blurted. . 

    “Lina, why are you here?” Sage asked. 

   “Errmm…”. She stammered confused on what to say. 

   “Pardon my brother’s ignorance, allow me introduce myself. I’m Clara, your number firefighter heroine.” Clara said, and Paulina smiled. 

   “You must be playing firefighters again.” Sage teased. 

   “You’ve a nice name, Clara.” Paulina said. 

   “I was told.” Clara said, and they both laughed. 

    “I see…”. Paulina muttered. 

   “I’ve other business, catch you later before you leave. But if my brother acts cheesy, call me, I’m also good with my fist.” She said, and made a fist.  

  Paulina laughed, and nodded before she left. 

   “Your sister is so cute.” She said.

   “Why are you here?” 

    “I was unable to reach you.”

   “That’s because I didn’t want to be reached.”

    “Why did you left school early?”
    
    “Were you worried?”

    “Sage…”. 

   “I’m sorry for making you worry.” He said, and went to embrace her. “I had some business to take care of.” He muttered, patting her hair. 
*
  They went to his from later, and she started looking around. It’s just like a typical billionaire lad’s room but he has a statue of lady Justice in his room. 

   “Do you also want to be a judge like your mother?” She asked, and she started imagining how cool he will look on the judge attire. 

   “No.”

   “So what legal profession do you want to pursue?” She asked, and he looked at her. 

   “Why do you think I want to pursue a legal profession?”

    “Lady Justice.” She said, and pointed at the statue. 

   “Oh, that? My grandfather brought it here the moment I was born, says my parents. He wants a three generations in the legal field or whatever they call it. He wants me to become a prosecutor.” He said, and her face brightened. 

   “Wow, that’s so cool.” 

   “You think so?”

  “Yeah, you will make a good prosecutor.”

   “Everyone believe so. My grandfather is the world best lawyer, my mother is a respected judge, so they believed I could make a good prosecutor.” 

    “Are you showing off?” She teased, and he chuckled. 

    “Does it seem like i was?” He winked, and they  both laughed. 

    “Do you also think you will make a good prosecutor?” She asked, and he looked at her. 

   “That’s new.” He muttered, confusing her. 

    “What?”

   “Everyone always assume that I would make a good prosecutor, you are the first to ask me that.”

    “Oh… I must’ve hurt your pride, I’m sorry.”

   “No, I’m glad you asked. The truth is, I don’t know what I want to become. In as much as my mother and grandfather wants me to become a prosecutor, my father wants me to take over the company. The thoughts of all those burden has always been exhausting, so I never thought of what I really wanted.”

   “You don’t want to become a prosecutor?”

   “Either me or my sister must be a prosecutor because my grandfather already announced that three generation stuff to the world. But as you can see, Clara has a dream of her own. There was a time she wanted to become a doctor, then an anchor, and now a firefighter. I believe I’m the only one with none.” 

   “You will discover your dream soon, Sage, and I’m sure you will be good in whatever you go for.” 

  “I hope so.” He muttered, and looked at her. “I over reacted at school earlier, I’m sorry.”

   “No, it’s all my fault. I should’ve tell you beforehand that Mike and I are now friends.” She said, and he let out a sigh. 

   “Why are you here? I don’t believe you came all the way here just to make up with me.”

  “Sophia said you wanted to transfer.”

   “What? Where did she got that?”
    
    “She said some guy in your class told her.”

    “Miguel?”

    “Yeah, that should be his name.”
    
    “Seriously?” He muttered, and laughed. 

     “Aren’t you transferring?”

    “Why would I? I recently transferred to holland high. Do you think I would transfer just because we had a little misunderstanding? Is that how little you think of me?”

   “I’m sorry, I was unable to reach you and Sophie suddenly said that. Why would Miguel make that up?”
    
    “It must’ve been because we discussed someone related to school transfer, and I mentioned how easy it would be for me to transfer to another school and so on. We had that conversation last week. He must’ve thought I transferred because he didn’t see me in class.” He said, and she opened her mouth in exclamation. 

    “Oh…” 

   “Lina, in as much as you can have other friends despite us being friends, Mike is not just the one.”
    
    “Sage, let’s kindly let go of the past, I believe Mike could make a good friend.”

   “This isn’t about the past, Lina. It’s possible that Mike was the one who locked you up so he could be closer you.”

   “What? What are you talking about?”

   “I confronted Alicia, and I confirmed her response. Alicia and her friends boarded the first bus, if they were the ones behind it, they wouldn’t have left that early.”

   “They could’ve put someone up to it, you can’t trust those girls. I believed they planted that thief, the same way they did with the thugs, they would’ve done anything.”

   “Yes, I thought of that too. But a member of the press is an acquaintance of one of my father’s secretaries, and he confirmed that everyone left the location, including the town residence before the bus took off, which mean only a student could lock you up. Ava can’t control students in the supreme class as she pleases, she could’ve just done it herself or put her friends up to it.”

    “Sage, but your assumption is too wild.”

   “Mike didn’t leave with his friends, he retreated when they were about to leave and he had no business left behind. Since he returned immediately, he should’ve found you earlier if someone else actually locked you up there.”  

   “So are you assuming that Mike returned to lock me up?” She asked, doubting the possibility of his allegations. 

    “It’s possible he returned to use the restroom, and locked you up there. Think about it, Lina. It didn’t make sense for you to be there for over an hour before he rescued you.” Sage said, and Paulina bowed her head in thoughts. 

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

Her phone rang later bringing her out of her thoughts, and she checked the caller’s ID to see it’s Mike. 

   “Excuse me.” She muttered, and left his room to receive the call. 

   📲*Hey, is how you choose to act? Why did you sneak out like that?*
    📞*Mike, did you lock me up in the restroom during the volunteer program?*
   📲*What… what nonsense are you spouting?*
   📞*I know it’s nonsense, because it doesn’t make sense for you to lock me up.*
  📲*So why are you asking me such?*
   📞*Because I’m curious if you are truly similar to my childhood friend. Remember, I told you he once rescued me when I was locked up.* She said, followed by an awkward silence from the receiver’s end. *But that wasn’t the entire story, he wasn’t just a hero, he was also the one that locked me up to make himself a hero.* With that, the call ended, and tears slid down her face as she remembered how she found out that her supposed hero was actually the one that locked her up when she was younger. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK to when Paulina was 8-year-old.***
*
  Paulina and Mikey became close after he rescued her from the restroom. Others stop bullying her because they were scared of him. 

   “Hey, you sly.” One of their classmates shouted, on their way home one day and Paulina hid behind Mikey. 

   “What do you want, Sarah?” Mikey asked. 

    “Why are you suddenly friends with her after you locked her up in the restroom?” Sarah shouted. 

     “You what…” Paulina shuddered, and counted few steps away from him. 

    “He was the one who locked you up in the restroom, it wasn’t me, nor the others, but him.” Sarah shouted. 

    “You… you…”. Paulina shuddered, and ran off. 

   “Lina, Lina.” Mikey shouted, running after her. 
*
  She confronted him later, and he explained that he did that because he wanted to protect her from the bullies. She was always scared of him because he had a bad reputation at school, so playing the role of a hero was the only way he could think of to be closer to her. She forgive him eventually, and they became close friends. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Paulina broke down in tears, wondering how Micheal could be so similar to her childhood friend. But she shouldn’t compare them, because Micheal is born with a sliver spoon and Mikey lives alone with his struggling single mother. 

   “Why are they so alike?” She thought. 

   “Lina, are you alright?” Sage asked, approaching her. 

    “It was Mikey, it was all his doing.” She muttered in tears, and Sage embraced her obviously confused. 
*
     <<<<<<<<,YEARS AGO>>>>>>>
*
  Paul and Charlotte relationship continued after the  banquet but Grace cut ties with them. Paul  tried to make Grace accept their relationship, but she was adamant that Charlotte betrayed her. After several failed efforts to make her understand, he eventually gave up. 

 Weeks passed, it was Charlotte’s birthday, and she threw a big party to celebrate with her friends, and colleagues from school. 

 The party was going successfully, and Charlotte engaged in a conversation with few of er friends standing  by the poolside when Grace suddenly showed up. 

    “Grace.” She called surprised to see her. 

    “Hi, Charlotte.” Grace said, faking a smile. 

   “Grace, what are you doing here?” Charlotte asked in surprise because she didn’t invite her. 

    “Can’t I be here?”

    “That’s not what I meant, I’m glad that you are here.”

    “Don’t be too glad, I’m here to settle the score.” Grace said, then pushed her in the pool, and everyone around gasped. 

   “Charlotte!” Paul shouted, and jumped into the pool immediately. 

    “Stop overreacting, she is a better swimmer than you.” Grace said, and watched them swim out together. 

     “Grace, what’s that for?” Paul shouted, aiming at her. 

    “Paul, stop it.” Charlotte cautioned. 

    “Come on, Paul. We both knew she is good at swimming, the pool isn’t even that deep.” Grace blurted. 

    “What nonsense?” Paul shouted. 

   “Now the score is settled, Charolette. You caught me unaware, and I did the same. Now we are even. Happy birthday, my friend.” Grace said, and embraced Charlotte to leaving everyone astonished. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Mikey, Micheal 😛
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
    📖📖CHAPTER TWENTY ONE. 2️⃣1️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️Once upon a talented chef ❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
•
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 Mrs. Greenwood (Sage’s mother) arrived home from work, and her daughter told her about Paulina’s visit. 

   “You don’t mean it, his girlfriend is here?” She asked, with widened eyes. 

   “Yes, mum. They have been in his room together for over an hour. I wonder what they’ve been discussing.” Clara said. 

   “Well… it’s bad to pry, but we can always invite them to grab some snacks. Yes, I should at least have dessert with my son’s girlfriend before she leaves.”

    “You are right, mum. I should also get to know her.”
    
   “Yes, you are right.” She said, and they both hit their hands together. 

   “I’ll go get them.” Clara said. 

   “Ok, ok, go ahead. I’ve to go freshen up.” She said, and Clara nodded before running off. 
*
 Clara burst into Sage’s room, and Sage and Paulina looked at her immediately- they just returned to the room after Paulina dropped her call. 

    “Clara, I already warned you countless time against barging into my room.” Sage yelled. 

    “I’ve no business with you, you aren’t the room.” Clara fired back. 

    “What? What nonsense are you spouting? What business do you’ve with Lina?” 

     “None of your business, I can have any business with my brother’s girlfriend.” She blurted, and went to grab Paulina’s hand. 

    “What girlfriend?” Sage shouted. 

    “Come with me, sis.” Clara said, and Paulina followed her. 

    “Hey, get back here!” Sage shouted after them. 
*
  Mrs. Geeenwood prepared dessert picnic in the garden, and Sage joined them wondering what it was all about. 

    “Mum, when did you prepared all these?” Sage asked. 

   “Come join us, son.” Sage said, and took the seat next to Paulina. 
     
    “Lina, my son has told us a lot about you.” Mrs. Russ said, and Sage glared at her. 

     “What’s this about mum? She isn’t my girlfriend.” 

    “Why are you feeling unease, I never said she was your girlfriend.” 

    “Mum, stop making her feel uncomfortable.” Sage said. 

    “It’s fine Sage, I’m not feeling uncomfortable. Thanks a lot for your hospitality, ma’am.” Paulina said. 

    “What a diligent young lady.” Mrs. Greenwood said, and Paulina smiled. 

  Mr. Greenwood joined them in the garden later, and they all divert their attention to him. 

    “Daddy, welcome back.” Clara shouted, and went to embrace him. 

    “You little… don’t tell me you skipped your academy today again?” He scolded, and she quietly returned back to her seat. 

    “Honey, Clara complained about the academy teachers, she even has testimonies from fellow  students. The teachers are over pressuring.” Mrs. Greenwood said. 

    “What do you mean by that? She also made complains about her private teacher. We should encourage her to study harder, not slacking behind.”

    “Sage is doing just fine without private tutoring.” She said, and Clara nodded along. 

    “But Sage has better grades compared to her.” 

    “She is also trying, I’ll monitor her grades myself for now, and personally hire a tutor for her myself so stop scolding her.” Mrs. Greenwood said. 

   “Honey, stop tolerating this girl.  If you want her to become a prosecutor, then she has to start getting better grades now.” 

    “I’m not betting any card of Clara, just leave her alone. Sage is doing just fine.” 

    “Sage is better off taking over the company.” Mr. Greenwood shouted. 

   Sage let a a sigh watching them argue, and looked at Paulina who was obviously awed, and Clara who doesn’t seem bothered as she was enjoying her chocolate. 

    “That’s enough!” He shouted, and everyone looked at him. 
     
     “Sage, is there a problem?” Mrs. Greenwood asked in concern. 

    “That’s enough.” He muttered  

    “What? We have a guest.’ His father said, obviously he just noticed Paulina’s presence. 

    “Daddy, she is Sage’s girlfriend.” Clara said. 

    “You little… I told you she is just a friend.” Sage blurted. 

    “Lina?” His father asked, and Paulina stood up. 

    “Good evening, sir. I’m Paulina, Sage’s friend from school.” Paulina said, and Mr. Greenwood nodded. 

   “Oh… so she is the Lina you are always talking about. No wonder we are having a picnic out of the blues. It’s nice meeting you, Lina, my son has told me a lot about me. But he never mentioned that you were beautiful.” He said, and they all laughed. 

    “Stop flattering me, sir.” Paulina managed to say before taking her seat.

   Mr. Greenwood took the seat beside Clara, and Clara passed some snacks to him. He patted her hair gently, and took a bite from the snacks. 

    “Lina, Sage told us you are a special scholar student, so how has the struggle been?” Mr. Greenwood asked, and they all looked at him.   

    “Dad…”. Sage called, and Paulina smiled. 
    
    “I’m hanging there, just fine.” She said, and he nodded. 

    “I see… Sage, you never told us how you two met.”

    “Honey, I don’t think Joe is the right time to ask that.” Mrs. Greenwood said. 

    “What? Am I making her feel uncomfortable with my questions?” He asked. 

    “Yes, dad. So please stop.” Sage blurted. 

    “Sage…”. Paulina cautioned. 

    “Daddy, this chocolate is mouthwatering, have some and stop talking too much.” Clara said, and forced some piece of chocolate in his mouth. 

  He chewed the chocolate, and everyone laughed sarcastically. They all engaged on random conversations, and Mrs. Greenwood invited Paulina for their next fishing trip. 

    “Mum, I already told you. Not everyone enjoys fishing.” Sage shouted.

    “What’s wrong in fishing, I personally enjoy it.” Clara said, and her mother gave her a thump up. 

    “I enjoy it too.” Paulina said, and everyone looked at her. 

    “You what?” Sage and his father shouted. 

   “Wow, it’s interesting. My wife and beautiful daughter are the only female I know that enjoys fishing.” Mr. Greenwood said. 

    “Wow, then we can all go fishing together.” Clara giggled. 

    “How come you enjoy fishing? Have you ever gone fishing before?” Mr. Greenwood asked. 

    “Yes, I fish often with my mother back at home.” She said, and they all looked at her. 

   “Really? You never told me that.” Sage said. 

    “What does your family do?” Mr. Greenwood asked, and they all looked at him. 

    “Honey, that’s none of our business. She is just Sage’s friend.” Mrs. Greenwood said, and he modded. 

   “I’m just cyrous because this is the first time Sage will hang out with a female friend, after he grown into a teenager.” 

   “Dad, Lina isn’t my only female friend, there is also Sophie. She is our friend.” He said, pointing at Paulina. 

    “Sophie?” His family chorused.  

   “You’ve never mentioned that name before.” Mrs. Greenwood said. 

   “Never!” Clara added. 

   Mrs. Greenwood’s phone rang later, and she excused herself to receive the call, while her husband followed 

  The kids engaged in random talks, and Mrs. Greenwood returned to pass the phone to Sage, while Sage excused himself as well. 

     “Do you like Sage?” Clara asked Paulina when they were alone, and Paulina almost choked on saliva. 

     “What…”. She shuddered. 

     “You aren’t sure, right?” Clara said, and Paulina looked at her speechlessly. “Sage likes you.” She added. 

     “What are you saying?” Paulina said, and Clara smiled. 

    “I might be a child, but I read books a lot, and I also watch movies. My brother has never talked so much about a girl before, we don’t even know that Sophie existed in your friendship circle. You are the first female that ever visited our house. My brother likes you, and I hope you like him back.” 

    “Clara, what are you saying? Sage and I are just friends.” 

    “I know, but mum said it’s for now. You might end up being a couple later, I’m rooting for you.” Clara said, and they both laughed sarcastically. 

    “Lina, it’s getting late. I should give you a ride.” Sage said, joining them. 

    “Sage, I’ll ask the driver to give her a ride back, it’s getting late.” Mrs. Greenwood said from behind. 

    “Don’t stress, mum. I’ll do it.” 
  
    “It’s late, giving her a ride and driving back is not safe.” 

    “It’s fine, Sage. Thank you, ma’am, I’ll just board a taxi.” Paulina said. 

     “Even if you refuse, I insist.” Sage said, grabbing her hands, and dragging her away. 

     “Oh, bye, Clara, goodbye, ma’am.” She waved as he dragged her away. 

    “Bye, Lina.” Mother and daughter waved. 
*
  Mrs. Greenwood returned to the living room, and met her husband there. 

    “That Lina girl, she is cool but I can see behind her mask. That girl seems to be hiding something from.” Mr. Greenwood said. 

    “I believe I’m a better judge to that. She obviously has a tough life, and there is something she can’t share. I’m just glad she has Sage, at least we could trust our son to be a good friend to her.”

    “If she will be distractions to him, then I’m against their friendship.”

     “That rich… like he will ever listen to you.” She teased, and they both chuckled. 
*
  Sage drove in silence for a while, before breaking the silence. 

   “Mum, and Clara were a handful today, I’m sorry you had to tolerate them.”

    “They were actually cool.”

    “About the fishing, you don’t have to come. It’s nothing but boring to me.”  

    “I’ll think about it, because I actually love fishing.”

    “It’s a shame that I never knew that.” He said, and she chuckled. “My dad… he must’ve made you feel really uncomfortable. That’s just how he is.”

    “It’s fine. I expected your mum to be interrogative, but your dad took it up for her.”

    “Mum might be a judge, but her judgement only ends within the courtroom.” 

    “Obviously.” She muttered, and he smiled. 

   “Before Clara entered my room earlier, you were going to yell me something about why you were crying on the phone earlier.” Sage said, and she looked at him. 

    “Errmm… it was nothing really.” She jitters. 

     “It was about some Mikey, was it Mike?” He shouted, and stepped on the brake immediately. 

    “Sage, you are diving, I’ll tell you about it later.” She said, and he nodded before he continued driving. 

  He pulled over at the nearest bus station, and looked at her. 
    
   “You should get a taxi from here.” He said, and she held his hand. 

    “I live at the Stanford’s mansion, so give me a ride home.” She said, and his face brightened. 

    “At your service.” He muttered all smiles, and drove off. 
**
**
 Micheal wasn’t himself after he dropped the call with Paulina, and he let out a sigh as he remembered the day event. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK***
*
Mike went back to look for her and saw her entering the restroom but the door got stuck when she was trying to come out. He contemplated before he went to the door, and saw where got stuck. She was delusional to think she got looked up that she didn’t even pull too hard, she was just barging the door all through. 

 He shakes his head mocking her naiveness when he saw Steven approaching him. He instantly knew that the others sent him. 

    “You guys can leave, I’ll follow. I’ve some funny business to attend to.” He said, and Steven gave him a look nodded before leaving -thankfully, he is Steven who can’t ask questions. 

  He enjoyed her barging for a while, and wanted to open the door but he rethink, with thoughts that he can just open it when she finally gave up, the he could appear like a knight to save her. 

    “What knight? I don’t even have my phone!” He shouted, and ran back to get his phone but the others left already. “Geez… couldn’t they have ask Steven to bring it to me?” He shouted. “How could I possibly leave my phone behind?” He lament before returning back. 

  He became really frustrated at the thoughts that even if he open the door, that wouldn’t still make him a knight because they would both be stranded together. He took his time to think before an idea popped in his mind. 
    
    “Yes, we could simply use her phone. She should have one at least.” He thought, and smiled happily. “I could just request for a helicopter to come pick us up, with that she would be indebted to me forever.” He smiled by his silly thoughts, and nodded already imagining how blissful the moment would be. “Paulina, and I, in a helicopter together.” He thought, and giggled by his thoughts. 

  He took his time outside, and went to open the door when he got tired of waiting. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  He turned and tossed on his bed, wondering how he beat to explain the situation to her, doubting if she would even believe him. 
    
    “You’ve no justification, Mike, you could have just open the door earlier.” He whined. “It simply means you locked her up.” He shouted, and started blaming himself. 

 He was still deep in thoughts, thinking of an escape when his secretary informed him to go to the dinning hall for dinner. 

  He went to freshen up wondering what his mother wanted to discuss. His father was out on a business trip, and it’s really unusual for his mother to request his presence. 

  He got to the dinning hall, and met her patiently waiting for him. 

    “Good evening, mum.” He greeted, and she responded with a smile. 

    “Have your seat.” She said, and he sat down. “Let’s enjoy dinner.” She added, and he nodded digging into his meal as he wondered what she wanted to discuss. 

    “Dinner is delicious, but I don’t have appetite.” He muttered, hoping she just say whatever she had to say, so he could request for dinner in his personal dinning. 

   “Too bad… I recently employed a new chef. She cooks so well like a chef who once served here years ago, even before you were born. My husband and I always enjoy her dishes, my husband never skips dinner no matter how tired he was, he would always run home immediately a trip ended, to enjoy the chef’s dishes. You should hey it, it should help boost your appetite.” She said, and he looked at her wondering what she was aiming at. “How is it?” She asked, and he looked at her. 

    “It’s good.”

      “I expect more, I feel like our old chef returned. I’m sure my husband would gladly rush back if I tell him about this, but I won’t.” She said, and chuckled at her supposed joke. “Do you know why the chef left years ago even though she wa that good and we paid her well?”

    “It was before I was born, so I can’t have an answer to that.”
    
     “I don’t know either, I was just curious if you would know. She was a beautiful female chef, with gifted hands, u believe that got her a better offer, and she left, or maybe she has a more personal reason. Or could she be fired?” 

     “I don’t understand what you are getting at, ma’am.”

    “I really careless about those below me, that’s the point. No matter how significant they might think they were, I careless about their existence. And I believe we are the same.”

    “Let’s say that’s the only thing we have in common, ma’am.” He muttered, already bored of her chattering. 

    “Oh… but since we never see on same page, you try to change that.” She said, and he looked at her. 

    “I don’t understand.”

    “You are growing too fond of a special scholar student, and I suddenly got interested in her.” She said, and he glared at her. 

     “Paulina did nothing wrong.” He blurted, trying to hide his fear. 

     “Paulina Andrew’s, 18-year-old special scholar. Her hubby is swimming, and she recently relocated from the countryside, but how come the name of  the village seems awfully familiar, although I can’t remember it. I must’ve had a cheesy history there somehow.” She said, and Micheal stood up immediately. 

    “Don’t you dare hurt, Paulina.” He lashed, and she smiled before taking a bite from her meal. 

     “Is there something I missed?” She asked, and chuckled.  

    “Paulina did nothing wrong, I’m the one hovering around her.”

    “Oh… so you are the one who broke your promise to me?” She shouted, and dropped her cutleries glaring at him. 

    “I didn’t forget my promise, I’m not looking at anything, and there is nothing special between Paulina and I. I had enough of you hurting those who are close to me.” He muttered. 

    “No, I never did such. I only made sure that you are surrounded with the right people, but I’m more interested now that you could speak at me to protect her. She must be one of the garbage you left behind.”

    “Don’t ever lay a finger on Paulina.” He muttered, and turned to leave. 

    “Is that a threat? If you don’t want to do it the easy way by staying away from that peasant, then I would do it my way.” She threatened, and he left. 
*
  He gets his room and laid flat on his bed, remembering how she got rid of any lowlife he grew fond of. First it was his first nanny, he looked up to her as a mother figure, but she got fired the moment his mother noticed, next his driver, and the first friend he made when he was a child, a scholarship student in his school who was forced to transfer before he met his Austin and Stanley. 

  He think of the best way to protect Paulina from his mother, and also from Ava but nothing came to his mind. 
*
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Micheal got to school the following day, and Austin car drove in right after so he waited for Austin, and they both walked in together. 

    “Stan would be late, but I bet that Steven is already waiting in our suite.” Austin said. 

    “I’m not heading there.”

    “What? Are we heading to class first?” Austin whined. “I should inform Steven.” He said, and started scrolling through his phone. 

    “Tell him to meet us by the elevator, I’m waiting for someone.”

    “Who?” Austin asked. “Don’t tell me it’s miss scholar.” He shouted, but Micheal ignored him. “Mike, don’t tell me we’re really ding this.” He whined. 

    “Back off, if you won’t stop whining. My ears inch already.” Micheal blurted, and Austin cursed him quietly trailing behind him. 

   They stood by the elevator, and Austin let out a sigh as students queued in the other elevator because of them. 

   “What if she left already? We are scaring the students away?” Austin said. 

   “When do you start to care? If Stan was here, he would’ve confirmed where she was, but tiy do nothing but rant all through.” He blurted, and Austin composed himself. 

   They waited for a while, and saw Paulina heading their way with Sage. 

    “Her boyfriend is with her.” Austin said. 

     “He isn’t her boyfriend.” Micheal blurted, approaching them. 

  Sage saw him coming their way, so he held Paulina’s hand immediately, but Michael went to them and grabbed her other hand. 

    “We need to talk.” He said, and she forcefully freed herself from him. 

    “We were done talking on the phone yesterday.” She blurted. 

    “Even though I wasn’t guilty of the charges, I still had my faults, I’m sorry. Would you listen to me come with me now?” He asked, and Sage glared at him. 

    “She clearly asked you to leave.”

    “You stay out of it!” Micheal blurted. 

    “I was wrong, Mike, I shouldn’t have thought of becoming close to you from the start.” She blurted. 

    “But it’s inevitable, you can begin it, but that doesn’t mean you can put an end to it. This is my world, and everything should work my way.” He muttered, and dragged her forcefully away from
Sage. “Remember, you promised to cooperate.” He whispered in Paulina’s ear

    “Are you nut?” Sage shouted, and wanted to hit him but Micheal kissed Paulina , leaving Sage perplexed, and everyone around gasped. 

  Micheal made up his mind to protect her from his mother and Ava, he doesn’t know how kissing her will protect her, but he believed with that, no one in school will dare to lay a finger on her which includes Ava, and he would find a way to deal with his mother later, ignoring the promises he made to her - promise’s are either meant to be broken or kept.

TBC 

Mike on para mode
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
    📖📖CHAPTER TWENTY TWO.2️⃣ 2️⃣
.
           ❣️❣️Be my girl❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
•
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
   <<<<YEARS AGO>>>>
*
  Paul and Charlotte had a blissful relationship, and Grace didn’t bother them at all. She distanced herself from the two of them, and stated hanging out more often with her other friends. She was rumored to be dating a guy with a bad reputation, and Paul confronted her to breakup with him, but she gave him a condition that she would stay away from her other friends if he breakup with Charlotte and date her instead, with that, he never confronted her regarding anything again.  
*
  Charlotte woke up from bed one pleasant morning when she heard the doorbell, and she went out to see Paul already inside. 

   “Paul, why are you here so early?” She asked: he went to embrace her. 

    “Are you ok?” He asked, and she released from the embrace to look at him. 

    “What do you mean? I’m fine.” She said in confusion, and she let out a sigh. “You haven’t watched the news.” He said, and she looked at him. 

   She turned on her TV, and saw the news about her family - her grandfather’s company was shut down for illegal activities that involved drug trafficking, a search and seizure was issued, and the police found records of fraudulent activities, so her grandfather was arrested alongside her father, and some other significant board members that linked to the investigation. Her grandfather shot himself immediately, and her father was apprehended. 

   Charlotte felt weak immediately, and eventually passed out. 

    “Charlotte, Charlotte.” Paul shouted, hitting her to wake up.  
*
 Charlotte and Paul travelled back immediately, and Charlotte went to the police station to see her father. 

    “Daddy, how could this happened?” She cried, and he smiled. 

    “I’m glad to see you are fine. Charolette I always tell you not to be a weakling. Daddy is locked up here, there is no one to protect you so you have to standup for yourself. You aren’t a child anymore. “

   “But daddy… what can I do? You have always protected me all my life, and now you are locked up here.”

    “Now you’ve to learn to protect yourself, and be strong. Do you remember the vacation house by the countryside we visited when you were 5, you lost your bracelet there and we had a tough time looking for it.” He said, and she nodded. 

    “Yes, I remember.”
    
    “Ok, there is a basement in that house, it’s more of a safe, there is pill of cash there. Take enough money to Don, and go far away with the rest. Don’t ever return, I don’t want you to face any the consequences of my mistake. You should forever remain my innocent and beautiful daughter.”

    “Daddy, does that mean all the allegations are true? I want to know the truth daddy. They won’t even allow me hold a funeral for grandpa.” She cried.

    “Don’t worry about that, worry more about yourself. I don’t want you to be judged by the Floods’ mistakes. Go far away, Charlotte, change your name and don’t look for me. Don will hire good lawyers for me, so my sentence will be reduced. I’ll be the one to look for you then.” 

    “You want me to abandon you? Not just you, my family!” She yelled. 
    
   “That’s the only way I can protect yoy now. Don’t get involved with a damaged family.”

   “Never dad. It’s enough that this bracelet is the only memory of mum I had. I never knew my mother, but you never made me feel her absence, and now you want me to abandon you? Thank you for raising me well dad, you raised me too well that I don’t how to abandon those I love for mh selfish interest. I know I don’t say this often, but you the person I cherish the most, you and grandpa. And grandpa is not even here anymore…” she cried. 

    “That’s enough, Charlotte!” He shouted, startling her. “You, will listen to me.” 

     “Since I’ve the upper hand dad, you don’t scare me anymore.” She blurted, and ran off.  

    “Charlotte, Charlotte.” He shouted, but she was already out of sight. 
*
 Charlotte boarded a taxi in tears, and ignored Paul who has been calling her line the whole time. She has always known that her  father business wasn’t fully legal, but there was nothing she could do about it.

  Her phone rang again, and she picked it ip this time, but before she could utter a word, the cab she entered clashed into a trunk that was aiming at them, and her vision went blank. 
*
*
    <<<<BACK TO PRESENT >>>>
^
  Paulina made up her mind after Sage dropped her home, his family were so cool, even though his father asked too many questions, she still felt comfortable with them and started giving her situation a thought. 

 Even though Micheal was willing to help her get back at Ava, he is sly and can’t fully trust him. Although he reminded her a lot about her childhood friend, but the whole similarly doesn’t make sense. He is an elite, and her childhood friend was the opposite. 

 She instantly made up her mind to stay away from him, singe being with him will affect her friendship with Sage, and she don’t want to loose a good friend because of her selfishness.
*
 She prepared for school the following day, and saw Ava also heading out. She ignored her, and continued on her way but Ava pulled her hair. 

   “It’s not over yet, bltch.” Ava blurted. 

   “Let me go.” She shouted, and pulled Ava’s hair as well. 

    “Have you lost it?” Ava shouted, and released her immediately. 

   Paulina adjusted her hair properly, and smirked “I won’t let you step on me anymore, Ava. To the others, I might be leaching off your family, but we both know I’m a Stanford, so mind your attitude from now henceforth became we both have equal rights here.” She said, and Ava scoffed in disbelief. 

    “Equal rights you say! You are an illegitimate, a result from a wh0re, so you can never have equal rights with me.”

    “I’ll embrace that as my flaw, but your father also has a part to play, our father, precisely. The next time you play any funny game with me again, I’ll show you that being an illegitimate is my only flaw, I’m not leaching off anyone.” With that she left. 

  She wanted to go out to get a cab, but she retreated, and went to the driver. 

    “You, you aren’t Ava’s driver, right?” She asked. 

    “Yes, ma’am.”

     “Good! Since you are free, take me to school.” She said, and he nodded, leading her to a car. 
*
  She arrived at school, and met Sage in that parking lot. 

    “Hey Lina.” He called out, walking towards her. 

    “Hi.” She waved, and he held her hand. 

    “You got a ride?” He asked, and she shook her head. 
    
    “Not really, chairman at Sanford’s car.” She muttered, and he looked at her. 

    “He must be really fond of you.” 

    “Kind of.” She grumbled hoping he stops there.” 

    They headed to the elevator together, and her face twist in a frown when Micheal approached them. She is determined not to listen to his reasons for locking her up but he took her by surprise with his kiss. 

  She wanted to pull away and slapped him but her body wasn’t in the same agreement with her, and she felt like she was glued to a position until someone pushed him  away breaking the kiss, and she gather herself together to look at Sage who grabbed Micheal by the collar. 

    “How dare you take advantage of her?” Sage shouted. 

    “This is gonna be the last time I’ll tolerate this, get your hands off me!” Michael yelled, and jabbed Sage’s hand away; with that, they both combat in a fight. 

    “Stop it, that’s enough!” Paulina shouted, and stood between them to stop the fight. 

     “You, who do you think you are to hit me? Is she your girlfriend? Know your place and stick to it.” Michael said, before leaving with his friends. 

     “Lina, are you ok?” Sage asked. 

     “You are the one who got hit, I shouod be asking you that.” 

    “I didn’t get hit, we fought, and I would have thought that j£rk a lesson if you hadn’t stopped me.”

    “You ought to be proud of that.” Sophia clapped as she joined them. “What’s really going on? Lina, what’s between you and Mike, why would he kiss you?” 

     “There is nothing between us, and I’m going to go confront him later.” Paulina said. 

     “No, you shouldn’t.” Sage muttered. 

    “Yes, I agree with Sage, but not on same page. I think Mike likes you, girl.” Sophia giggled. 

    “You should stay away from him. I told you not to be close to guys like him. He could advantage of you.” Sage said, and Paulina nodded. 

     “Hey, we are late for class.” Sophia said hoping that helps change the topic, and they all find their  way to the elevator. 

  Sage and I Sophia left when it gets to their floor, and Steven entered the elevator. 

  Paulina gazed at him before looking away wondering why he was alone, and in the elevator with alone with her. Then she instantly remembered his pendant. 

    “About your pendant… I left it at home, I’ll make sure to bring it tomorrow.” She said, and he chuckled. 

     “You should worry more about yourself.” He blurted, and she looked at him. 

    “What do you mean by that?” She asked back. 

   “I got bad grades, but I could still understand that.” He said. 
    
   The elevator got to their floor, and they both stepped out. 

    “Why are you suddenly talking to me?” She asked - she ought to ask that, but he ignored her and walked ahead of her. 
*
 She went to class, and let out s sigh when she realized she had to sit next to Mike and his friends. She put herself together, before going to her seat, and Mike didn’t spare her a glance all through until it was time for recess. 

  She intend to hurry out of the class, but he blocked her path. 

   “Just a moment.” He said, and she followed him to their suite. 

    His friends excused them to be alone, and she let out a sigh wondering why he had to bring her there. 

    “Remember, this is my word, I can get away with anything I do.” He said, and she glared at him. 
     
     “Are you trying to explain the kiss? Because I believe I need an explanation to that.” 

      “Not that.”

     “So what?” 

     “About the locked door, it wasn’t me.”

     “Why should I believe that?” 

    “Because I can get away with it even if it was me. The door got stuck, you just had to push harder for it to open.” He said, she laughed. 

     “I see… Mike, you could get away with whatever you do, so you can spare me the lame excuses.” 

     “I sent my secretary there to confirm it. This is the video.” He said, and she looked at him. 

      “What? You sent your secretary all the way there?” She shouted. 

     “I had to, because I know you won’t believe me.  This is the video he sent to me. I couldn’t tell you back then, because I also wanted to take advantage of the situation to be closer to you, I’m sorry.” He muttered, and she looked at him. 

   “Why did you wanted to take advantage of the situation? To get back at Ava?” She asked, wondering the length he was willing to go just to get back at her. 

     “Not just that. I was embarrassed after I mess up the last time. You trusted me but I couldn’t do anything when they wronged you. So we could say it trigger me to want to her back at her even more, and…”. 

    “And what?”

    “You asked too much questions, how did you even get involved with the Stanford’s to begin with?” 

    “Do you expect me answer that. You were able to justify the locked door, but how about that kiss.”
    
     “Errmm… about that… it’s all the same. I was just sticking to the agreement.”

    “Was kissing part of the agreement?”
    
     “Come on, stop emphasizing on that. It’s not even a kiss, it was more of a peck on your closed lips. You didn’t even open your mouth.” He said, and she scoffed in disbelief. 

    “Really? Is that your justification?”

    “I’m sorry if I caught you off guard.”

     “You know what, I’m done here.” She blurted, and intend to leave but he dragged her back. 
  
     “You can’t just go. The whole school now think I like you, so will you handle that? Incase you don’t know, I’ve a lot of crush in this school, tons of secret admirers and they can be really scary.”

    “So?” 

   “To ensure your safety, you’ve to stick to me.”

    “In your dreams.” She blurted, and turned to leave. 

    “If you know what’s best for you, you would stick with me, remember we still have an agreement.” He said, and she exhaled heavily.  

    “Can I leave now?” She blurted, and he shook his head. 

   “Let’s get rid of Ava completely together, but before we do that I’ve to ensue that you are safe from potential harm. Be my girl, let that be the beginning.” He said, and she glared at him. 

     “You must have lost your mind.”

    “I’m not proposing to you, you aren’t even my type. Let’s just pretend to date, and leave the rest to me.” 

    “How will that help me get rid at Ava?”   

   “Do you trust me?

   “No!” She blurted. 

   “Ouch… you just hurt my pride. I told you earlier, this is my world, and if you are mine no one would dare hurt you, and Ed could both work together from there.  Remember, you will be tagged a sIut, we kissed earlier.” He said, and she slopped him. 

     “Ouch…”

     “I should’ve done that earlier.”
     
       “Seriously?” He shouted. 

      “I don’t know how to plan to get rid of Ava, but I had enough of her as well. If you can make her return abroad, then we are good. Just a month, if you fail to get rid of her within a month, then we call it quit.”

     “Are you my girlfriend now?” He teased. 

     “In your dreams.” She shouted, and he laughed. 
**
**
  SOMEWHERE IN AN UNKNOWN PLACE ^^^
^
A patient opened moved her fingers gently, and opened her eyes. Her vision was blurry, but she could see a man in the room, although she couldn’t get a proper view of him. 

  She tried to open her mouth, but it felt too heavy to open so all she could do was stare at the man. 

   The man turned to look at her later, and rushed to her side when he saw that she was awake. 

     “Charlotte, I’m glad you are awake.” He said holding her hand, and she looked at him wondering who he could be. 
*
  A nurse attended to her lager, and she became a little better after a long nap. 

    “Charlotte, do you remember me?” The man asked, and she looked at him. 

   She be lined that all her memories were intact, but she can’t remember how she ended up in the hospital and whoever he might be, what scare her more was how worried her daughter must’ve been. 
 
   “How king have I been here? What happened to me?” She thought   

   “Charolette, it’s me, Louis.” The man said, and her eyes widened, her heavy mouth open immediately, after hearing his name.  

    “Louis…”. She managed to call, and he went to hold her hand. 

    “I’m sorry I was late, Charlotte.” He said, and placed a kiss on her fingers. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
Paulina’s mother is alive 😳
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
    📖📖CHAPTER TWENTY THREE. 2️⃣3️⃣
.
     ❣️❣️A sense of betrayal ❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
•
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  <<<<< YEARS AGO>>>>
^
 Charlotte opened her eyes in a hospital room, and tried to get up but she felt too weak. She looked around wondering why she was admitted in a regular ward, and what lead her to the hospital when the memories of everything came back - her family demise, to her accident. 

  A nurse entered the ward, and smiled upon seeing that she was awake 

    “I’m glad you are awake, Miss. I’ll get the doctor to come check on you.” The nurse said before leaving. 
*
  Charles closed her eyes wondering how long she has been there, and how worried Paul must’ve  been, she was even unable to talk to him before the accident. 

   The doctor run some tests on her, and she was transferred from the ICU ward, to an another ward. That was her first time of being admitted in a regular ward, and she could feel how inconvenient it was for those admitted there. 

   The doctor blabbed on, telling her about her condition, but she wasn’t paying any attention to him, as she kept wondering how long she has been there. 

    “Do you’ve any question?” The doctor asked. 

    “How long have I been here?” 

    “Four weeks, you’ve been in the ICU for four weeks.”
    
     “What? Four weeks? Did anyone aaid me a visit?” She asked. 

     “No one did. Your cellphone damaged from the accident, so we were unable to reach anyone.”

     “So Paul didn’t know I was here?” She grumbled. 

    “But you don’t have to worry about anything, you are better now, and your baby is in good shape as well. You can use the hospital line to make a call if you want to.”

    “My baby? What baby?”

     “Oh… we ran some tests on you that confirmed that you were pregnant, you are six weeks pregnant now.”

     “What? How can I be pregnant?“ She grumbled, and the doctors left later. 
*
  She used the hospital line to call Paul, but he ended the call immediately he heard her voice. 

   📞*Paul, Paul.* She shouted, and dropped the call. 

    “What do I do? What’s wrong with him?” She thought. 
*
 She heard news later that her father have been prosecuted, and sentenced to prison - he was defended by public defenders. Her jaw dropped upon hearing the news, which only means that Don couldn’t hire professional lawyers for him, and it’s all caused by her accident. 

 She divert her thoughts to wondering why she was unable to reach Paul, and why he ended the fall on her. She refused to believe that he ended the call  because he heard her voice, so she put herself together with determination to get better, and pay him a visit, and tell him about the baby. She was determined to get rid of the baby, but she decide to consult him first before making such decisions. 
  
 She sold out her designer wristwatch to clear the hospital bills after she was discharged, and went to the detention center first, to see her father who was brought out to her. 

    “Daddy.” She called. 

    “Charlotte, are you ok? Are you hurt in anyways?”

    “Daddy, I heard that you got a life sentence. I’m so sorry, daddy… it’s all my fault.” She cried. 

    “Don’t say that. I’m glad to see you are doing fine. I heard about the accident. I was so worried.m, I’m so sorry I couldn’t do anything for you. I’m really sorry, my child.”

    “Daddy, it’s not your fault. I just got discharged, and I heard about your sentence. I’m going do as you say, I’m going to get the money and take some to Don, we will find a lawyer to reopen your case.” She said, and her father his head. 

    “Don’t! Don was the traitor.” He said, and Charlotte looked confused. 

    “What do you mean?”

    “You can’t trust anyone, Charlotte. Don was the traitor who sold us out to some political man, and sent all those evidence to the prosecutor. He came here and confessed to me himself. Forget about everything, Charlotte, and live your own life.”

    “How can I live you are locked up here and I can’t trust anyone.” She muttered, sniffing in. 

    “There is nothing much I can do, I’m sorry. You’ve to take care of yourself now.” 
*
  She left the detention center later, and board a taxi straight to Paul’s house. Even though there is no one she can trust, she could at least trust him, and hear his reason for not checking up on her because is sure he must’ve a good reason for it. 

 The cab she entered broke down in the middle of the road, so she left and went to a convenience store to buy a drink before continuing on her way, there she saw a news report on Paul and Grace’s wedding. The can drink in her hand fell down immediately, as she stare at the TV devastated. 

  She left there later, and boarded a taxi to his house, the securities didn’t let out through, but a car drove in at the moment, and Grace alighted from the car. 

    “Charlotte, I thought you are dead.” Grace said, and Charlotte’s eyes widened. 

    “You, you are not married to Paul, right? The news was false, right?” She shuddered. 

     “You only choose to believe what you want to believe. Remember I told you, Charlotte. I want Paul, and I’ll get him even if he is in any cheesy relax. We are married, our parents arranged it. I’m sorry about your family, I’ve always knew that something was wrong with that family of yours. But I couldn’t just figure it out.” Grace teased, and tears flowed freely from Charlotte’a face. Even though her father asked her not to trust anyone, she believed she could trust him. 

    “Grace, father is wa…-“. They heard Paul’s voice approaching them, but he stopped immediately he saw Charlotte. 

    “Paul…”. She shuddered. 

    “Security, escort her out. Paul, let’s go, father is waiting.” Grace aaid, and grabbed Paul’s hand, leading him away. 

     “Paul! You’re the worst!” Charlotte shouted as she security escort her out, but Paul didn’t even look back. 

   She left devastated and lonely, she has always lived like a princess all her life, starting a new life where she could trust no one was like a torture to her, so she decided to end it all. There was nowhere she could go, all their prosperities have already been seized

    “What’s there to live for?” She thought, and made the huge decision. “I’m sorry, mum, I’m sorry, dad.” She muttered, looking at her bracelet. 
*
 She but stood by a bridge watching the ocean, she had always loved swimming because she felt whole whenever she was in the water, she let in a deep breath, and she jumped into the water. 
*
*
        <<<<BACK TO PRESENT>>>>
^
 Sage and Sophia went to the regular students cafeteria together after Paulina sent them a message that she wouldn’t be having lunch. 

 Sage sighed into his meal, but didn’t have any appetite to take a bite as the thought of what Paulina might be doing disturbed him. At times he wondered why he was that affected by her. He was attracted to her at Lia’s party because she was just his type, a had a soft spot for girls who looked innocent, and she had it all. After everything that happened at the party that night, he realized that she wasn’t just innocent, but also helpless so he felt the urge to protect her, and transferred immediately. The length of what he could do for her scared him a lot that he started doubting his feelings. He was never that way either the few girls he had dated in the past, and he doesn’t even have the courage to tell Paulina his true feelings from fear of losing her; she is going through a lot already, so bothering her with his feelings would only make her uncomfortable around him. 

   “Sage, why aren’t you eating? It’s getting cold.” Sophia said, after taking a bite from his meal. 

    “I’ve no appetite, we shouod leave when you are done.” He muttered. 

     “You like Lina, don’t you?” She muttered, and he looked at her. 

   “What do you mean? Lina is our friend, but yes, you are right. I like her, and it’s beyond friendship.”

    “I knew it.”

    “I never tried to hide it from the start.”

     “I didn’t expect you to admit to it upfront.”

     “I’ve no reason to deny it.” 
     
     “Why didn’t you tell her?”

     “I don’t want her to feel uncomfortable. She is going through a lot, and I’m sure she is passing through something that she doesn’t want to share. Telling her about my feelings will be bothersome for her.”

    “So will you cover it with mask of friendship forever?”

    “Not forever. Just until she feels more comfortable to share everything, until I think the time is right, just until… I’m sure she will accept my feelings.” 

     “Actually, I think Mike has feelings for Lina.”

    “What nonsense are you spouting? Don’t tell me you trust that j£rk after everything he had done?”  

    “Well… I don’t trust him, but I’ve no resentment for him either.”

    “So what?” He blurted, dropping his cutleries in anger. 

    “Although I vouch for Mike, like who wouldn’t? He is a young director, and also the heir to Russ Group, but you are my friend and I trust that Lina will be in good hands with you.” She said, and he nodded. 

   “I hope Lina feels the same way.” He muttered, and Sophia smiled. 

   “You should still tell her, Sage, tell her before it’s too late.” 

    “You think I should tell her?”

     “Yes. I just have a feeling that Mike is up to something, even though I’m rooting for him, I would be hurt if she chose him over you.” 

    “I would think about it. But do you think Lina can really go out with Mike?” 

     “We could never tell, she is full of surprises. Who knows a that she could pull out those dramas with Mike.” 

     “You’re right, I don’t just understand her at times.”
      
   “I hope she accepts your feelings, Sage. I hope things work out for the both of you, so she can open up fully to you.”

    “I hope so too. Thanks, Sophie. You are true friend.”

    “If things work out with Lina, you should set me up with one of your friends.” She said, he chuckled. 

    “I thought things are going well with you and Miguel?”
    
    “What Miguel? Forget about that loser, and set me up with better people.” She blurted, and he laughed. “Hey, what’s funny?” She shouted. 

   “Nothing, nothing.” He grumbled, coughing slightly. 

   “Better.” She muttered, and emptied her glass of water. 
**
**
 Micheal told his friends about his fake relationship with Paulina, and as expected they were all against it. 

    “What? You must be out of your mind, Mike.” Austin shouted. 

     “Mike, this doesn’t make sense.” Stanley said. 

   “It’s not a real thing.” Michael said. 

     “My point exactly, why fake it in the first place?” Stanley shouted, and Michael let out a sigh wondering why he was making a fuss like Austin. 
      
     “Man, I’m totally against this.” Austin blurted. 

    “Me too!” Stanley added, and they all looked at Steven who looked away. 

     “I’m against it too.” Paulina said, joining them. She was seated in another side in the room, while they argue. 

    “What? What do you’ve to say?” Austin blurted. 

    “Who asked for our opinion?” Stanley added. 

    “No one, I know I shouldn’t talk because you are the four infamous elites of the school, the prestigious heirs to whatever your family own, and I’m just a special scholarship student who happened to have a mutual enemy with Mike. I have no reason to be here if that wasn’t the case.”  Paulina blurted, and they all lookEd  at her in shock. 

     “What? What made you think you can talk to us?” Austin shouted. 

     “If I’m to answer that, I would have do talk to you again, will that be fine?” She said, and Steven chuckled; they all looked at him and he instantly composed himself. 

    “What? Did she just talk back at us?” Austin shouted. 

      “You. To be precise.” Micheal teased, and they all glared at him. 
     
     “We’re late for class. Let’s go.” Paulina said, and Michael stood up. 

     “Let’s go, guys.” Michael said, and they all stood up as well. 

    “Wait! Are we following her instructions now?” Austin shouted, as they head to class together. 

     “It’s not over yet, Mike.” Stanley grumbled, and Michael nodded. 
*
  After the day class was over, Paulina hurried out of the class first, and met Sage by the elevator at the ground floor. 

    “Hey, that was quick.” He said, and held her hand. 

  She hurried out of class to be able to tell him about her relationship with Micheal before he made any move. It might be a fake relationship, but she can’t be opened about it to Sage because she is certain that he will be totally against it, and she isn’t sure if she is doing the right thing as well. 

    “Sage, there is something I’ve to tell you.” She muttered. 

     “I also have something to tell you, but not here. I’ve to hurry home now because my grandfather is around, but let’s meet later.”

     “Later? When?”

     “Will you be free for dinner? We Gouda have dinner together and watch a movie.”

     “We are going out? Is Sophie coming along?”

     “Nah… you said you wanted to tell me something. We could do it then.”

    “Sage, bu…-“. She was saying when his phone rang. 

   📞*Hello, dad, I’m on my way.*. With that he dropped the call. 

     “I wish I could give you a ride, but I’m in a hurry. See you later.” He waved, and hurried away. 

     “I want to tell you about Mike.” She grumbled. 

     “What’s it about me?” Micheal asked from behind, startling her. 

     “Gosh, you startled me.” She shouted. 

     “That’s not a nice way to talk to your boyfriend,” he said, and wrapped his hand around her shoulder, but she jabbed it away. 

     “Don’t touch me.” She blurted, but he dragged her back. 

     “I’m very clingy, you should know that.” He whispered in her ears. 

  His friends stood behind looking at them in disgust. 

    “Isn’t Mike putting too much effort to this?” Austin muttered. 

    “Do you think it’s fake?” Stanley said, and Austin looked at him. 

     “If it’s not fake then what?” Austin shouted, but Stanley shook his head before walking away. “Hey, come back here and answer me. It’s fake, he told us it’s fake.” He shouted, following Stanley. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Hmmmm…
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
    📖📖CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR.2️⃣4️⃣
.
        ❣️❣️A new beginning❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
•
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 IN AN UNKNOWN PLACE^^^
^
 Charlotte sat up in the hospital bed and wanted to eat, but Louis collected it to feed her. 

   “I can manage on my own.” She muttered. 

   “You don’t have to manage while I’m here.” He said, and she chuckled. 

    “Louis, you didng tell me what happened! Where I’m, why I’m here, why you are here with me, everything. And my daughter…”

    “Your daughter with Paul?” He asked, and she looked at him. 

    “How do you know that I have a child for Paul? I only mentioned my daughter, I never said Paul was the father.”

     “I would answer your question one at a time, Charlotte, I’ll give you an answer in as much as you can handle it.”

      “Did anything happen to my daughter?” She asked, already alarmed. 

    “No, I checked and she was doing just fine.” 

     “I’ve to go home, Louis, my daughter must be worried about me. I’ve never spent a night out before.” 

     “A night? Who said you’ve been here for a night?” He teased, and she looked at him. 

     “How king have I been here.”

     “Almost a month.”

     “What?!”

     “You shouldn’t shout, you are still recovering.”

     “Louis, what really happened to me?” She cried. 

    “I believe you can answer that better! You would be fine after you recover, you are just experiencing that little memory loss of that day event because it must’ve been a really traumatic event, but you will remember it all after you recover. So just be calm.”

    “How do you expect me to be calm? I’ve no idea why I’m here and how my daughter is doing. How do you expect me to be calm, Louis?” She cried, and he embraced her. 

     “Your daughter is doing fine. I’m sure someone is looking after her. That’s all I can tell you now till you fully recover.” 

    “Who is looking after her?”

    “Charlotte, please! You’ve to complete your treatment first.”

   “I want to go home, Louis, I want to go home to complete my treatment.”

    “No, you can’t do that.”

   “Why can’t I?” 

    “Because it might be dangerous! Not for you, but for your daughter.”

    “What do you mean by that? What aren’t you telling me, Louis?” She asked, gabbing him by the collar. 

    “Because you will act worse than this. I can’t tell you anything now until you get better. I’m leaving for now, Joy (the nurse) will look after you, I’ll be back by tomorrow.” He said, and peck her forehead before leaving. 

    “What are you not telling me, Louis?” She shouted, but he ignored her. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^*
^
  Paulina tossed and turned on her bed when a message beeped into her phone from Sage. He has been bugging her since, and she started feeling pressure wondering what he wanted to tell her, and how he would react to what she wants to tell him as well. Sage is a good friend, and she doesn’t want her selfish decision to get rid of Ava come between their friendship. 

 He sent her another messages later to inform her that she was coming to pick her up so she hurried out of bed to go freshen up. 
*
  She hurried out to meet him when he informed her to his arrival, and he alighted from the car to open the door for her. 

    “Thank you.” She muttered. 

    “You look beautiful.”

    “Stop flattering me.”

    “That’s my charm.” He said winking at her, and she laughed. 

     “What do you want for dinner?” He asked, and she looked at him. 

      “Since we are going to see a movie, I e should just have some junk food.” 

     “How does pizza sounds?” He asked. 

    “Cool!” She muttered, and he chuckled. 
*
 They had a pack of pizza and soda before going to watch their movie. 

  “I forgot to ask you the movie you preferred, so I just bought tickets for the trending one. It’s about friendship, I bet the troupe isn’t that bad.” He said, and she nodded. 

  The drama ended, and the both of them started talking about the drama as they went to get drinks, and sat to drink. 

    “Sage… I’ve something to tell you.” She said, and he nodded. 

    “I know. I also have something to say, that’s why we agreed to meet. Should I go first, or you go first?”

    “You go first.”

    “I…-“. He was saying, but his ringing phone distracted him. “Gosh, it’s Clara, I’ve to receive it.” 

     “Sure, go ahead.” She said, and slip from her glasses of juice. 

    “Excuse me.” With that he excused himself. 

   Paulina swallowed hard watching his retreating back when her phone rang, she let out a sigh and put the phone away after checking the caller’s ID to see its Micheal.

   Sage returned later, and she looked at him with a smile. 

    “Hope there was no problem?” She asked, and he shook his head. 

    “Nothing serious, she wanted me to help her wigi something. Forget about it.” He said, and she smiled. 

    “Ok.”

    “About what was saying earlier, I’ll be a little straightforward, I hope it’s fine.”

    “Go ahead, you are making me curious.” She said, and he chuckled. 

   “Lina, I like you.” He said, and she almost choked on her drink. 

    “Are you ok? Should I get you water?” He asked, worriedly. 

    “No, no, I’m fine. You said what?”

    “I said I like you.”

   “Of course, I like you too.” She blurted, and he chuckled.

  He could easily tell that she understood what he meant, but just trying to turn in around. 

    “Lina, I’m not referring to a platonic..-“. He was saying, but she coughed loudly to stop him. “Are you sure you are fine?” 

    “Sage… what do I do?” She muttered, and he looked at her confused. 

   “What happened?” He asked, already worried. 

    “This is where you are? Why aren’t you answering my calls?” They heard Micheal said, joining them. 

    “What? What are you doing here?” Sage shouted. 

    “Hey, relax. This is a public place, gosh… it’s so noisy.” Micheal said. 

     “What are you doing here? Sneer the d@rm question!” He shouted. 

     “Don’t be too loud, bro. This nod between Lina and I.” Michael blurted. 

     “Lina, what is he talking about?” Sage asked, and they both looked at Lina who was finding it difficult to breathe. 

    “Lina.”

   “Lina.” 

  They hit us hoisted and hurried to her. 

    “What’s wrong? What happened?” Sage asked. 

    “Stop asking dummy questions, and get an ambulance!” Micheal shouted. 

    “Yes, an ambulance. I think she is having allergic reactions!” Sage said, getting his phone. 

  The ambulance arrived, and they both followed her to the hospital.  

  The doctor run some tests on her, and confirmed it to be an allergic reaction. Micheal and Sage went to her ward later, and saw her already feeling better. 

    “Lina.” He called, and hurried to her bedside. “Are you ok?” 

    “I’m sorry, Sage.”

    “Lina, the doctor said it’s an allergic reaction, do you have any allergy? What did he make you eat?” Micheal asked. 

    “What nonsense are you spouting? Are you insinuating that I forced her to eat something?” Sage shouted. 

    “Why are you feeling guilty, bro?” Micheal teased, and Sage glared at him before looking at Paulina. 

   “What are you allergic to?” Sage asked. 

    “I think there was peanut in the drink.” She muttered. 

    “That must’ve been my drink! There was peanut smoothie in my drink.” Sage said, running his fingers through his hair. 

     “Gosh! Who drink peanut juice these days?” Micheal said, and Sage glared at him. 

      “I’m so sorry, Lina. I should have known that you were allergic to peanut, no, I should have carefully dropped the drinks on the table, no I me..-“. Sage was saying, but Paulina held his hand to stop him from talking.

     “It’s not your fault, Sage, I was the one who picked the wrong glass.” She muttered, and Sage squeezed her hand. 

    “You should be more careful in the future.” Micheal said, and Paulina looked at him. 

     “You. What are you doing here?” She asked, and Micheal bite his bottom lip nervously.

     “Why aren’t you answering her? She just asked you a simple question.” Sage blurted. 

     “You didn’t reply my messages, and ignored my calls. So I was worried.”

      “Why would you be worried about her?” Sage asked. 

   “Mind your own business!” Micheal blurted. 

    “Why were you worried, Mike?” She muttered. 

    “Because I was unable to reach you, so got worried.”

     “Then how do you know where I was?” She asked, and started biting his lip again. 

     “Are you dumb?” Sage blurted. 

    “I asked someone to track your number, so I could get your location.” He shuddered, and they both looked at him. 

     “What?!” Paulina and Sage shouted. 

    “I’m sorry, I was just worried.” He muttered, and Sage exhaled heavily 

     “What’s your stress? Why are you worried?” Sage yelled. 

     “Just leave, Mike. We will talk at school tomorrow.” Paulina said, and they both looked at him. 

    “Lina, I…”. Micheal shuddered. 

   “I said leave for now, or I’ll never talk to you again.” She blurted. 

    “Fine, I’ll leave. See you at school tomorrow.” Micheal said, and glared at Sage before leaving. 

    “What do you have to discuss with him, and besides why is he stalking you? What aren’t you telling me, Lina?”

    “Sage, that’s what I wanted to tell you.”

    “What nonsense? If you are going to tell me about your friendship with him, I don’t even want to hear it. Till we find out who locked you up that day, I don’t want to hear anything.”

    “Sage, about that. I just discovered that I wasn’t locked up, the door got stuck and I should have pulled harder.”
     
    “Who told you that? Was it him?”

    “Sage, he was telling the truth. He even sent his secretary there to make a video so I would believe him.”
    
   “What? He went through that length? What’s that guys deal?” 

    “Sage, I’m not in the right shape for your nagging.” She muttered. 

    “I’m sorry, Lina, I was just concerned. Guys like Mike can’t be trusted.”

    “I know. This ward is really comfortable. It’s a VIP’s ward, right?” She asked hoping that changes the topic. 

    “Yeah, but you shouldn’t feel comfortable. The doctor said you can be discharged, do you want to rest here or go home?”

     “I should go home. I’ve to be go to school tomorrow.”

     “I’m sorry again for what happened.” 

     “It’s not your fault, Sage. It really wasn’t.” She said, and he nodded. 

    “I’ll go get the doctor clear you, so you can go home.” He said, and she nodded before he left. 

    “How can I tell him about my agreement with Mike?” She grumbled, and laid flat on the bed in thoughts. 
*
  She was discharged later, and Sage drove her back home. 

    “Have enough rest. See you at school tomorrow.” He said, and she nodded. 

     “Thanks for the ride.” With that she gets down from the car. 

  She opened the main door, and was surprised to see a man (Mr. Packard) by the entrance, also about to go out. 

     “Who are you?” Mr. Packard asked, and Paulina looked at him, wondering who he was as well. 
   
*
*
   IN AN UNKNOWN PLACE^^^
^
  Charlotte think of a way to leave the place, Louis wasn’t willing to tell her anything, and she can’t trust him completely even if he was her friend. Paul and Grace betrayed her, so she can’t vouch that he wouldn’t do the same. He has been away for years, and suddenly returned, and knew everything about her made her even more scaled. She removed the IV drip being passed to her, and wobbled on her feet out. 

    “Ma’am, I’m sorry, but you can’t move around yet.” Joy said, rushing to her. 

    “Louis told me to get some exercise, even if it’s just walking for a bit.” She lied. 

    “But you aren’t fit for an exercise yet. Your surgical stitches are still fresh, and could open if you stress yourself.”

     “I won’t, my body felt stiff all of a sudden, so I think I need to walk  a little.”

     “Ma’am, I’m sorry, but you can’t.”

     “Even if my body felt glued to the bed?” She blurted. 
     
      “I’m sorry… alright, you can but I’ll have to install back the drip, you shouldn’t have removed it. Afterwards, we could stroll around for a bit.”

     “Alright, thanks.” 
*
  The nurse installed back the drip, and trailed behind her as they walk around together, while Charlotte started thinking of a way to be separated from her. 

    “I’m feeling thirsty, can I get some water?” She asked. 

     “Of course, I’ll escort you back to get you water.” Joy said. 

    “I’m too weak and thirsty, I’ll just sit here and wait for you.” She said, and sat down on a seat by the hallway. 

     “Ok, I’ll be right back.” Joy said, and hurried away. 

    Charlotte removed the drip, and tried to run but felt too weak, but she strained herself to leave before Joy retuned. The house was big and kinda confusing. 

  She found her was out, and was lucky to find an empty taxi so she stopped it immediately, and entered while the taxi driver drove off. 

    “Where to, ma’am?” He asked when they were already few miles away. 

    “I… I…”. She shuddered, and started feeling pains from the surgical stitches. 

    “Ma’am, are you ok?” He asked. 

    “I…”. She shuddered, and the driver stopped the car immediately. 

     “Are you alright?” He asked worriedly, and she felt too weak to open her mouth. 

  The driver went to her seat to look at her, and started to panic. 

   “Goodness, what’s this? I should call an ambulance.” He said, and went to get his onine when a call pulled over behind him. 

    “Charlotte.” Louis shouted, and hurried out of his car. 
    
     “Sir, do you know her?” The taxi driver asked. 

     “Yes, she is my patient.” He said, and showed the taxi driver his business card. 

    “Oh, please take her.”

    “Charlotte.” He called, but she already passed out. 
*
*
   <<<<<<YEARS AGO>>>>>>>
^
  Charlotte opened her eyes, and everywhere was blurry for a while, she was forced to close it back and opened it later, and it was a little clearer. 

    “Oh, my. You are awake, Paulina.” An aged woman said, rushing towards her. 
     
    “Who are you? And why am I here?” She asked in fear, sitting up from the bed. 
    
     “Don’t be scared of me.” The aged woman said, and tears flowed freely from her face. 

    Charlotte looked at the woman who was in tears, and felt the urge to comfort her. She held back for a moment, but she couldn’t bear to watch the woman cry, so she embraced her. 

After the woman calmed down, she told her how she saved her from the ocean, which reminded her of her long lost daughter, Paulina, who drown the ocean, and was never found. 

    “I’ve been waiting here all these years for my daughter to return.” The granny cried, and Charlotte embraced her. 

    “She is back granny, from now henceforth, I’ll be your daughter and we could both live here together while we wait for Paulina.” Charlotte said, and the granny looked at her. 

    “My daughter.” The granny cried, and embraced her. 

   Charlotte made up her mind at that moment to start a new life there with her daughter. Ending a precious life that someone was yearning for was a really careless decision, and she made up her mind to live the best life she could with the old woman, and raise her child the best way she can leaving everything behind - her father, and Paul. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Our years ago side of the story is thereby concluded here. 😁
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER TWENTY FIVE.2️⃣5️⃣
.
       ❣️❣️ She is his girl❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
 Ava paced around in her suite at school, and her friend’s couldn’t stop sighing - Lia and Alicia. 

  The door suddenly slugs open, and Lia and Alicia screamed at the sight of Rae. 

   “My baby.” Lia shouted, and went to embrace her. 

   “My love”.Alicia added, and joined in the embrace while Ava stared at them disgusted. 

   “Is your suspension over?” Ava blurted, and they all looked at her. 

   “I know you didn’t miss me, you probably got a lot of things on your mind, but I’m glad to be back.” Rae said, and Ava chuckled before they embraced each other.

  They all went to sit later, and they engaged on random conversations. 

   “Bae, is your suspension really over?” Alicia asked. 

    “Girls, now that we are a complete squad again, let’s go and bring down the enemies.” Lia said. 

   “Relax, babe. We need a plan to do that.” Alicia said, and they all looked at Ava who smirked like she got a plan. 

   “Seems like you got something, girl.” Lia muttered, and Ava chuckled  

   “Split it, girl.”  They all giggled. 

    “Lia, you’ll be the one to pull the string.” Ava said, and Lia smiled already interested. 

    “Anything, girl.” Lia said. 

   “What have the school papers been up to lately?” Ava asked, and they all looked at her wondering where she was heading. 

   “I’m not sure. They’ve just been there.” Lia muttered. 

    “They have? Aren’t you the leader?” 

   “Gosh, the assistant leader, Naomi, or whether she is called is too capable for my liking, she has been the one doing all the stuffs. She ought to be journalist that she dreamt of. So upsetting.” 

   “Now, it’s time you take back your place with a mind blowing headline that will keep everyone on their toes.” Ava said. 

    “Bring it on, babe.” Lia said, already excited. 

   “There is something about that peasant that we don’t know, which I’m sure the whole school would be excited about.” Ava said. 

   “What?”

   “Miss special biography. I’m certain everyone would be interested to find out the biography of our infamous Miss special.” 

   “What do you know, babe?” Alicia asked.

   “Babe, don’t keep us hanging.” Rae said, and Ava smiled. 

    “I’ll make sure I get rid of you, Paulina, no matter what!” Ava thought, and a sly grin spread across her face as an evil smirk formed on her lips. 
**
**
  IN AN UNKNOWN PLACE^^^
^
  Charlotte opened her eyes, and saw Louis, she shut back her eyes immediately in embarrassment, as she remembered what happened before she passed out. 

  “I know you are awake, I saw you open your eyes. You can’t avoid me forever.” Louis said, and she managed to open her eyes. “I won’t scold you, but I’ll give you a chance to explain why you act carelessly like that.” He muttered, and she tried to seat up, but he was fast to raise the bed instead. 

   “I’m so sorry, Louis.”

  “That’s not what I want to hear from you.”

   “I don’t just know who to trust.” She muttered, and bowed her head.

    “Who to trust? Even me? Who to trust?” 

    “I’m really sorry, Louis, a lot of things happened when you were away.” She muttered. 

    “I know.”

   “Exactly! How come you knew a lot of things when you’ve been away all these years?” 

   “I’m sorry I returned late.”
    
    “That’s not the point here.”
    
   “I returned to California five years ago.”
   
    “It has been that long?”
    
   “Yeah. I would’ve returned earlier for my college degree but my father refused. He didn’t want me to study in California, he sent me to Harvard instead. Although, I wasn’t stuck there, I wanted to transfer but I was threatened with so many things. A lot of things happened, Charlotte, a lot of things. And I could only return 5 years ago, and found you now.” 

    “I could have imagined. You promised to return, but instead you went out of reach.”

   “Dad replaced my phone. He figured out that continuous communication with my friends in California will make me wanna return. I was helpless.”

   “Years have passed, Louis. We’ve grown from those children, and a lot of things have happened as well, but your explanation didn’t still clarify how you knew everything.”

   “When I returned, I paid Paul a visit.”
    
   “You visited Paul? Did he tell him everything?”  She asked, wondering how he can get those informations from Paul when he also knows nothing. 

   He didn’t, that was just the start.” He muttered. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK to 5 years ago***
*
 Louis pulled over at Paul’s house. When he arrived in California, he saw the news about Charlotte’s family and her alleged suicide, but he refused to believe them all, he believed that Paul and Grace could know better. 

 He was able to get Paul’s direct contact from a friend, so he called ahead to fix a date for his visit. 
*
  He entered the large living room, and felt someone embrace him from behind. 

  “Grace.” He called, and released to look at her. 
   
   “My God, Louis, I couldn’t believe it when Paul said you were back, I needed that hug to confirm that it’s truly you.” She said, and he embraced her properly. 

    “You are still as silly as ever, Grace.”

   “Right back at you!” She blurted, and they both laughed. 

   “Look who we have here.” Paul said joining them, and they exchanged the friendly gestures they are fond of. 

   “I’ve missed this, man.” Louis said, and they all laughed. “I hope it’s not coming late, congratulations on your wedding.” He said, and they both smiled. 

   “It’s late, so you should make up for it.” Grace whined.

   “What of Charlotte?” He asked, and they both looked at him. 

    “She is dead.” Grace blurted. 

   “Was it true? The suicide and everything?” 

    “Louis, I don’t know about you, but I wasn’t surprised when the secret behind are family was revealed. I mean, her father was a little scary the first time I saw him. He was like a gangster. He simply gave her a ride to school, and had so many bodyguards.” Grace said. 
 
   “That shouldn’t have warrant suicide. Why did Charlotte committed suicide?” 

   “I wish we could know, but she is gone now. It could only be because of her family’s demise. Just  think about it, all her family’s wealth were gone, her grandfather committed suicide at the spot, and her father who always treats her like a princess got imprisoned for life. That was the best option for her.”

   “You don’t have to be blunt, Grace. Charlotte was our friend, and I expected you two should be there for her even after everything.”

    “We stopped being friends at some point, we also a lost contact and merely met in college. Not really close, tho.”

    “Is that your justification?”

    “Louis, blaming ourselves won’t bring her back. She is gone, and we have all moved on.”

    “Why are you so quiet, Paul?” Louis asked Paul who have been quiet since they started that conversation.

     “I… I… I mean, Grace is right, talking about it is making me feel gully. I mean, I should’ve been able to protect her somehow.” Paul shuddered, and Louis shook his head. 

   “Paul is right Louis having this conversation will only make us feel guilty, nothing would change. Since you are back, we could return to how it was before, it was just the three of us before Charlotte came.” Grace said. 

   “It’s that easy for you to say, because you got married during that period.” Louis said, and they both looked at him. 

   “What do you mean?” Grace asked 

    “I saw it, you got married a month before Charlotte incidence. What did two did to her as a friend? Did you abandoned her?”

    “Louis, what are you implying? Our parents made all the arrangements, would we have adjourned it because our friend was struggling with her family’s problems?” Grace blurted, already angry. 

    “Did you abandoned Charlotte or not? That was the question.”

    “Louis, I know you are hurt because of what happened to Charlotte, we could understand, we were hurt as well. Charlotte was also our friend, but we’ve moved on, discussing this now is like opening our wound that already healed.” Grace said. 

   “Is that all this conversation meant to you?”

    “It was all my fault.” Paul muttered, and they both looked at him. 

    “What are you saying, Paul? Nothing was your fault, there was nothing we co…-“. Grace was saying, but Paul cut in. 

    “…-  Charlotte and I were in a relationship before I married Grace.” Paul said, and Grace looked away in embarrassment. 

    “What?” Louis blurted. 

   “Our family arranged everything, they didn’t care about my relationship with Charlotte and I couldn’t tell her before we I married Grace. I couldn’t even pay her a visit at the hospital.” Paul muttered, and sniffed in tears. 

   “It wasn’t your fault that we got married. Don’t blame yourself.” Grace said. 

   “Is that all that matters to you? You speak like you’d all you could as a friend for her, but you clearly did nothing.” Louis blurted, and stood up. 

    “What do you know, Louis?” Grace yelled, and stood up as well glaring at him. “You left years ago, and only returned now. You think that everything will remain the way you left it?”

    “I see… you didn’t feel remorseful at all. I should have known, you’ve always been greedy and selfish, even when you were a kid.”

  “How dare you?” She shouted, and slapped him. 

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

   “Grace.” Paul called. 

   “Leave, get out of my house. If you cared about your dear friend so much, you shouod have returned earlier. We were all doing fine before Charlotte came, and the both of you divert your attention to her suddenly ignoring me, why… because she was cute? Such a lame word to say. And now you retuned to blame her d£ath on me? Did I kllled her? Did I made her family a criminal? Was it my fault that I got married? Don’t blame anyone for what happened to Charlotte, it was all her fate. And don’t  blame me for not being remorseful, because I never considered her as a friend.” With that Grace left, leaving them in shock. 

    “Louis, I’m really sorry about that.”

    “About what exactly? The slap? Or what happened to Charlotte?”

    “Everything! I wish I could protect her, but there was nothing I could do.”

    “No, Paul. You didn’t even try to do anything! It was a nice reunion..” With that, Louis left. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Louis conclude, and Charlotte let out a sigh. 

   “So, how do you know I was alive?” She asked. 

   “There was nothing I could do after I left there years ago, but I didn’t still want to give up. Paul mentioned that you were hospitalized, so I went to the hospital to get your medical records, there I saw that you were pregnant, and I instantly knew it was for Paul. I requested for details regarding the suicide  from the police in charge, and confirmed that the body wasn’t found, so I held on to the tinny winky hope that you might be alive. With my mind made up, I sent private investigators to all possible places that the water might float to, and here we are today.” He said, and tears formed in her eyes. 

 She might’ve met Paul first, but she became closer to Louis, he had always been her irreplaceable friend.

   “Thank you for everything, Louis. But how did I end up here?”

   “I sent out your medical records to selected hospitals around the location I t think you might be. When you got involved in the accident, luckily the doctor in charge was a friend of mine from college, so he called me instantly when he confirmed your record.”

    “I was involved in an accident?”

   “Charlotte, I didn’t tell you this so you can worry or think about what you can’t remember. You’ve to focus on recovering, that way you can find an answer yourself. Your daughter is safe, don’t worry about her. Please Charlotte, I want you to see me as that childhood friend that you trusted completely, and always relied on.” He said, and she nodded. 

For once, after everything that she has been through, she decided to trust someone again. 

   “I’ll make sure to recover swiftly, to be able to return to my child, and for you to be at peace.” She said, and he smiled. 

  “Thank you, Charlotte.” He muttered, and kissed her fingers. 
**
**
 HOLLAND HIGH ^^^
^
During recess at holland high school, the students started talking about the content of the free newspaper. Paulina didn’t get the paper so she was oblivious to whatever they reed there. 

She carried her bag, heading to the regular students cafeteria where Sage and Sophia wanted to meet. Thankfully, Michael and his friends weren’t in class so she had some breathing space, and didn’t  have to run out of the class. 

 She stepped out of the elevator, and was surrounded  by a bunch of students. She looked wondering what Ava plotted against her this time, and began to  hope for an escape. 

    “Can you kindly pave way.” She muttered, and a girl from the supreme class who seems like the leader walked up to her. 

    “Too much pride from a daughter of a wh0re.” The girl blurted, and Paulina face turned in furry. 

   “What did you just say?” She asked, staring directly at the girl. 

    “You are a lowly daughter of a peasant’s mistress Another girl shouted, and threw the newspaper with her at Paulina. 

 The students started cursing, and throwing newspapers at her leaving her helpless - there was no way she could stand up to a group when she was barely able to handle one person. 

   “Stop this. Lina, Lina, are you ok?” Sage shouted, trying to find his way to meet her, but the students didn’t pave way. 

   “What’s going on here?” Micheal shouted  angrily, and they all stoped immediately, paving way for him and his friends. 

  Sage took advantage of that, and rushed to Paulina who was already in tears. 

   “How dare you lay a hand on her? Didn’t I make myself clear enough?” Micheal shouted. 

    “Mike, do you even know the identity of your little miss special?” The leader blurted. 

    “No one knows Paulina better than I do, and that news is either about someone else, or it’s false.” He said, and Paulina looked at him. 

   “What do you even know about her? How sure are you that whatever you knew about her is real?” The leader blurted again. 

   Micheal ignored her question, and went to hold Paulina’s hand, helping her up. 

   “Because she is my girl. She is my girlfriend so I know her better than any of you.” He muttered, leaving them in stunned silence. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 Another Banga 😁
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER TWENTY SIX.2️⃣6️⃣ 
.
      ❣️❣️Queen of the shots❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
.
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Michael went late to school the following day, she went straight to his suite and met his friends there playing a game. 

   “Austin is out, go for it Mike.” Stanley said, and threw the remote at Michael who took over the game. 

  They played for few hours before taking a break to relax. 

    “Man, why are you late? We missed today’s class because of you.” Dustin said. 

    “Is your father is checking your class attendance?” Stanley asked, and Austin shook his head. 

    “He has been busy with work lately, but we could never tell. He could just request for my attendance at anytime.” Austin muttered, his attention focused on his phone. 

    “It’s recess already, we should attend the class after recess.” Stanley said, and they both looked at Micheal. 

     “Cool. Have you ordered in?” Micheal muttered, and Stanley stared at him strangely. “What?” He blurted. 

    “Are you ok? You look a little down today.” Stanley said. 

    “Was it because Stan beat you in the game. Come on, man, you shouldn’t whine over that. Stan is just good at it, he is good at everything expect sports.” Austin said, and Stanley glared at him. 

    “Is that supposed to be a compliment?” He blurted. 

    “Slump it however it fits.” Austin said, sticking out his tongue. 

    They heard the doorbell, and they all looked at Steven. 

    “Our order is here.” Stanley daid, and Steven went to get the order. 

  “Did you guys saw this?” Austin asked, looking at his phone. 

   “What?” Stanley blurted, and Micheal collected Austin’s phone. 

    “The school papers wrote a new story, and it trending on the student’s platform, everyone is talking about it.” Austin said. 

   “The school paper. Does that club still exist?” Stanley blurted. 

    “Of course. They haven’t written anything interesting, so no one was interested in them but this time I think they are aiming at Miss scholar, the headline says it all. It’s about her biography.” Austin said. 

    “Anything interesting?” Stanley asked. 

    “Turns out she might likely be an illegitimate. Her mugger is the mistress of a peasant, I wonder how someone could have so many flaws. Mike, we should stop handing out with her. I don’t care about your revenge or whatever, we had enough of that girl.” Austin said, and they all looked at Micheal who was already at the exit. “Where is he heading? He isn’t going to her, is he?” He muttered. 

    “I believed you answer that already, let’s go.” Stanley said, and they all ran after Micheal. 
*
*
  Micheal grabbed Paulina’s hand, dragging her out of the crowd while his friends tailed after him. 

  Paulina released from his grip when they got to a silent place, and he looked at her. 

    “Are you ok? Did they hurt you in anyways?” He asked, worriedly. 

    “Get off it, man! They just threw newspapers at her, even an ant won’t die from it.” Austin blurted. 

    “Thank you, Mike… I was really helpless back there.” She muttered. 

    “It’s fine, that’s why I told you to always be around me so I can protect you.” He said, and they all looked at him. 

     “The article, was it true? We all know that article was directed at you.” Stanley said, and she looked at him. 

      “Who cares about that? Ava is just looking for a way to bring her down, we shouldn’t fall for her tricks.” Micheal said. 

     “But I kinda believe it. See, Miss scholar isn’t even denying it.” Austin blurted. 

      “That’s enough, her biography got nothing to do with us.” Micheal lashed. 

      “Take it easy, man. We aren’t trying to bully her here. We are just concerned about the reputation of the student we are associating with. Remember, you aren’t the only one with a reputation.” Stanley said, and Austin nodded. 

     “Stan is right, man. We can’t just be wandering around with someone with so many flaws.” Austin added. 
      
     “At least not now.  Paulina has been through too much today.” Micheal said. 

     “Thank you all for today, I’ll be on my way now.” Paulina muttered, and turned to leave but Mike held her back. 

    “Where are you going?” He asked. 

    “I want to be alone, Mike.” She muttered. 

    “Just let her be.” Stanley said, and Micheal released his grip on her. 

      “Thank you, bye.” With that she left, and Michael kept staring at her retreating back. 

     “Let’s go, man.” Stanley said, and Michael nodded. 
**
**
 Lia was summoned by the principal regarding the article, and her friends sat in their suite helplessly, hoping she doesn’t get penalized, expect Ava who was thinking of another way to get rid of Paulina. 

   “I hope she doesn’t get suspended.” Alicia said. 

    “Gosh, it’s fun when at it, but getting a bad record is still bad. We aren’t even able to achieve anything. What a waste.” Rae whined. 

    “Do you think they are really dating? Like, Mike and that lowly parasite?” Alicia said, and Rae let out a sigh. 

    “Why else would he say that if they aren’t. I sense the chemistry between them after they locked up together. He went on about how special was, and she even embraced him, calling me a pet name. Micky. or whatsoever.” Rae blurted, rolling her eyes. 

    “It would be really difficult to get rid of her now that she is dating Mike.” Alicia said. 

    “Get rid of what? We mustn’t even dare! This is game over. She is Mike’s girlfriend now, we can’t standup against Mike.” Rae said, and Alicia nodded. 

    “Big there seems to be something fishy about their relationship. Just few weeks ago, she was all over the place with Sage, and now she is suddenly Mike’s girlfriend.” Alicia said, and Ava looked at her while Rae hissed in disbelief. 

    “Hey, don’t tell me you are still into that guy?” Rae blurted. 

    “You don’t get the point.” Alicia said. 

    “Who cares about the point as long as that loser is involved.” Rae said. 

    “Enough, you two. Your ranting won’t even allow me think straight!” Ava yelled. 

    “Whatever it is you are thinking should be a way to get Lia out incase she gets into trouble, and give up from there. We can’t win against that girl, she is Mike’s girlfriend.” Rae said. 

    “I think it all started after the volunteer programe, the both of them claimed to miss the fight because they were together. I can’t believe we locked her up for them to become close, and even plotted a stage for them to date.” Alicia said, and let out a sigh. 

   “You are right. He must’ve saved her from the thugs you guys planted, and became her hero from there.” Rae said. 

   “But she claimed that she was locked up.” Alicia said. 
     
   “Can’t you two be quiet?” Ava yelled, and Rae exhaled heavily 

  The door slugs open later, and Lia joined them. 

   “Babe, what happened? How did it go?” Alicia asked, worriedly. 

   “Are you getting suspended?” Rae asked. 

   “Nah… thankfully we didn’t name anyone in the article, but  the principal wasn’t going to let me go  easily.” Lia muttered, and laid flat on the couch. 

    “That low life woman thinks she can shine because she is the principal.” Rae muttered, in annoyance. 

    “What now, girl?” Lia asked, sitting up. 

    “Thankfully, you aren’t getting penalized, so it’s over now.” Rae said. 

    “What do you mean by it’s over?” Lia asked. 

    “We can’t possibly get rid of that girl now that Mike got her back. She is his girlfriend, and we know how cr@zy Mike gets when he is dating someone. He barely date for a reason.” Rae said, and Lia nodded Im agreement. 

     “You are right, girl. We really have to stop now.” Lia said. 

  “Since when is Rae calling the shots?” Ava blurted, and they all looked at her. 

     “What do you mean by that? There is clearly nothing we can do.” Rae said. 

    “It’s not over, until I say it is.” Ava muttered. 

    “So what’s the plan ?” Lia asked. 

    “Why do you desperately want to get rid of her? Is there more to your intentions?” Rae blurted, and they all looked at her. 

    “What nonsense are you spouting?” Ava lashed, glaring at her. 

     “I believe there is something more to your reasons, Ava. Getting rid of her because she is leaching off your family shouldn’t be this lengthy now that Mike is involved.” Rae pointed out, and the others nodded. 

     “Why should I be scared of Mike?” Ava blurted. 

    “Regardless who you are, Ava, Mike pull the shot here, because this is his domain. This is his school, he is the director!” Rae shouted. 

     “So? I’m not scared of him. If I’ve to get rid of him first, then so be it. Do you know why, Rae? Because I pull the shot wherever am at.” She blurted, and Lia flinched. 

    “That’s enough, girls. We are with you, Ava. When you come up with another strategy go get rid of her, you can always count on us.” Lia said. 
    

     “Do you have no fear, Lia? Do you really think you can get rid of, Mike?“ Rae blurted. 

     “Rae…” Alicia called. 

     “What are you even thinking? Mike was our friend, we were all cool even after Ava broke up with him and went to England, and now all of a sudden we want to get rid of him in his own school?” Rae shouted. 

     “Get out, Rae. You are out!” Ava blurted. 

    “Ava…”. Lia called. 
    
     “Rae, that’s enough.” Alicia cautioned. 

     “No, I’m not saying anything wrong, I’m going to leave, and you two can stay if you think you can get rid of Mike.” With that, Rae left. 

     “Ava, it hasn’t gotten to this.” Alicia said. 

    “Shut up, or you follow.” Ava blurted. 

    “Rae simply said her mind, and there is nothing wrong in it. We have all been supportive since you returned, even though you acted so superior, we still try to understand you because you are our friend. But you are going to be like this, I don’t think we can still fall this friendship.” With that, Lia left as well. 

     “Lia…”. Alicia called out, and looked at Ava before she leave too. 

     “Heyyyy, I hat you, Paulina!” Ava shouted, and threw all the pillows on the couch away. 
**
**
Paulina went to the cafeteria rooftop, and met Sage and Sophia there. 

    “Babe, was that real? You and Mike are a couple?” Sophia asked with mixed emotions of surprise and disappointment. 

     “Sophie, can you excuse us for a moment?” Sage muttered, and Paulina shook her head hoping Sophia won’t leave — she wasn’t in the mood to be alone with Sage. 

     “Sure, I’ve to go to class anyways. You still owe me an explanation, girl.” With that Sophia left, and Paulina stared at her retreating back hoping she could follow. 

      “It’s not true, is it?” Sage muttered. 

   She wanted to tell him the truth, but knowing him, he would be against the plan, so lying to him was the only option she had. 

    “I’m sorry, Sage.” She muttered, with head bowed. 
    
    “Don’t be sorry! Why would you do what you will be sorry for? Are you truly Mike’s girlfriend?” He asked, but she couldn’t utter a word, she was suppressed by guilt, and it hurts so much. 

  He raised her chin, and made her stare at him directly. Tears formed in her eyes, and she couldn’t control it from rolling down. 

    “Why are you crying? Did he threaten you to be with him?” He asked, already worried. 

   “No, it’s nothing like that, Sage. I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you.” She muttered, and he chuckled sarcastically. 

    “Is that why you are crying?” He asked, and chuckled sadly. 

    “I’m sorry, Sage. I wanted to tell you about my relationship with Mike, but I couldn’t find the right time.” 

    “Why do I find it difficult to believe?” 

     “It’s the truth, Sage. Mike is my boyfriend.” She said, and he shook his head. 

     “You aren’t seeming sure to me. When and how did it start? Or are you just pulling that string to avoid being bullied? You can tell me the truth, Lina. I know you aren’t in a relationship with him, you can’t be. It just doesn’t make sense.”

     “What do you know, Sage? You know nothing about me. Either the story in that article was true about me or not, you know nothing so you shouldn’t be this sure.” She said, and his jaw dropped in pain. 

     “Yes, I know nothing about you, you are the most discreet friend I ever had. Although I was curious, but I never try to pry. Even if the article is true about you or not, I don’t care. What I care about is who you truly are. Are you really capable of getting in a relationship with that scumb@g so he could protect you from bullies? Are you different from the other girls, or do I’ve the wrong impression about you? That’s what I want to know, Lina. don’t care about your biography.” He said, and she broke down in tears. 

    “I can’t do this anymore.” She cried, and he embraced her. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED ..
.
  What now? 😕
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
  📖📖CHAPTER TWENTY SEVEN. 2️⃣7️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️ The influential Stanford ❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
 Paulina stoped crying, and she placed her head on Sage’s shoulder staring at the cloud. 

  “Are we going to remain this way till school dismiss?” Sage asked, and she chuckled. 

   “If it’s fine by you.”

   “You won’t tell me about your relationship with Mike?” He muttered, and she looked at him. 

     “Sage, you won’t believe me no matter how I convince relationship with him, right?” 

    “I’ll only believe the truth.”

    “But it’s the truth.”

    “Even now, you aren’t sounding sure to me.” He said, and she let out a sigh. 

     “Can we talk about this later? I’ve to go to class now.”

     “If the conversation is making you uncomfortable, then it only means there is no to it.  Lina, you know I’ll always support you as long as you are making the right decision, right?” 

   I know, and that’s why I’m scared. I don’t know if I’m made the right decision or not, and I don’t want us to have any issue either.” She said, and he chuckled. 

    “Why make a decision you aren’t sure of?” 

    “Sage, I don’t know how to make you understand this, but I’m a very complicated person. I’ve been that way since I enrolled in holland high, there are a lot of secrets I can’t share even if we are friends, and there is a lot of things I would love to sort out on my own without getting anyone involved, you a good person, Sage. You are the best person I’ve met so far that why I don’t want you to get hurt because of me, I don’t want to hurt your feelings either because I know that they are genuine.” She muttered, fighting back tears and he embraced her. 

    “It’s fine, Lina. I’m also aware, I knew that you weren’t completely honest with me, and I’m willing to wait till you feel comfortable to share everything without being a burden.” He said, patting her back gently. 

   “Thank you so much, Sage. I must have saved a nation in my past life to be blessed with a good friend like you.” She said, and he chuckled. 

   “You sure did.” He said, and they both laughed. 
*
  He went to the cafeteria later to get them snacks, and they sat on the rooftop chattering away till school dismissed. 

 They both went to parking lot together later, on their ro his car, a man intentionally bumped into her. 

   “Oh, I’m sorry, sir. Are you ok?” She asked, worriedly, and the man looked up at her —he looked so unkept with unshaved breeds. 

    “Lina, let’s go.” Sage said, and dragged her away. “You shouldn’t talk to strangers like that.” He scolded. 

    “I bumped into him, and he doesn’t look scary at all.”

   “You say? He looks like a homeless man, I wonder how he entered the school premises. They need to tighten the security.”

     “Come on, don’t be that harsh. He looks pitiful to me, he must be related to a student here.”

     “The school probably got another scholarship student, because I can’t even imagine.” He muttered, and she glared at him. 

     “That’s enough, Sage. I’m on scholarship too.” She blurted. 

     “I’m sorry, ok. But the man really need to wash up.”

     “There you go again after saying sorry.” She muttered, and he laughed before driving off. 
*
 He drove her to the nearest bus station as she requested before he drove off. 

  She wanted to stop a taxi when she saw Steven at the bus station. 

     “What’s be doing here?” She thought, and went to him. “Hey, Steven.” She said, wondering if they were close enough to exchange greetings in public. 

     “You still owe me.” He muttered, and she looked at him. 

     “Oh, yeah… your pendant, I forgot to bring it again.”
  
     “Your bus card.” He said, and stretched his hands to her. 

     “What bus card?”
     
     “Card, to board the bus.”

     “You eBay to take the bus? Aren’t you supposed to be an elite? Do elites take public bus?” She asked, seemingly shocked. 

     “I’ve search through my bag, but I think I left my wallet at school. So help me with your card, or get lost.” He blurted, and she scoffed. 

     “Being so rude when you need help is totally old-fashioned. And meanwhile, I don’t have a bus card either. I take taxis, with my card.”

    “Good! We can get a bus card with that.” He said, and went to the station office to get the card. 

    They got two cards, and they both boarded the next bus together. There was only a seat left, and Steven hurried to sit there. 

    “So immature.” She muttered, and scoffed, standing next to him. 

    The bus arrived at his station, and he stood up to get off the bus when his bag fell off his hand and she scoffed as he picked it up and hurried out of the bus, but something fell off from it. 

    “You dropped something.”  She shouted, and picked it up, surprised to see it’s a coupon from a noodles restaurant. “What? He keeps coupon as well?” She thought, and kept it in her bag. 

  She alighted at the next bus station, and board a taxi to the noddles restaurant. 
*
  She got to the restaurant that’s in rural area, she looked around wondering how Steven found the restaurant in a remote area.  

    “Their noodles must be good.” She thought. 

  She went in, and was surprised to see Steven who was obviously startled after seeing her. 

     “Hey, who knew we could meet here.? What a small world.” 

    “Steven, we got an order what are you waiting for?” A man shouted from behind, and Paulina eyes widened, wondering what was going on. 

   “Oh, we have a customer. Welcome, miss. I’ll attend to the customer, just go deliver the orders.” The man said, and patted Steven shoulder. 

  Steven left, and Paulina was directed to a table still in shock. 

    “Miss, our today’s special is spicy noodles, but you can check the menu to place your order.” The waiter said. 

   “Is he a delivery guy?” She asked, because she couldn’t take her mind off it. 

   “Delivery… oh, you mean, Steven? Yes, he has been working here for quite a while now. He doesn’t take order, he only deliver.”

   “Oh… I see. I’ll go for the special.” She muttered in disbelief. 
**
**
    CHAIRMAN GREENWOOD’S MANSION ^^^
^
  Sage was trying to work on his assignments in his study, but he couldn’t concentrate, so he went to the dinning hall to do it there. 

 He was still finding it difficult to concentrate when his mother joined him. 

   “Are you troubled?” She asked, and he chuckled before looking at her, she has a way of finding out anything going on in his life, even if he didn’t share. 

    “Mum, you are coming home early these days.” He muttered, trying to avoid her question. 

    “Why? Does it bother you that your nosy mother is now coming home early?” She asked, rubbing his hair. 
     
     “Kind of.” He muttered, and they both chuckled. 

     “Are you finding it difficult to concentrate?” She asked, taking the seat next to him. 

      “How can you tell?”

     “Because it’s your habit. You only come out to work on your assignments whenever you are finding it difficult to concentrate. You want to be distracted from your thoughts.” 

      “You know me too well, mum.”

      “Of course, because you are my son.” She said, patting his back. 

      “Does it only work if we are blood related?” He muttered, and his mother looked at him. 

      “Are you trying to understand a girl?” She asked, and his eyes widened in shock. 

      “Mum, how did you know?”

     “I’m your mother, and also a judge. I could tell straight ahead that you are thinking about a girl. Is it, Lina?”

    “Mum, I can’t just understand her.”

     “Oh… dear. It feels like yesterday when you were just born, but look at you now troubled about a girl. Oh… my son has really grown.” She teased, playing with his cheeks and he smiled. 

     “Mum, you and dad also fell in love in high school.” 

     “Mum, who fell first, you or dad?” He asked, and his mother almost shook on her saliva. 

    “That’s so random.” She muttered, and he chuckled. 

    “I’m just curious, mum.” He said, batting his lashes cutely. 

    “Well… if you act this cutely what can I do? You look so adorable.” She said, and he smiled. “I believed your dad fell first but as you know, he is shy, so I confessed to him first. When I confessed, he brought out a couple ring and proposed to me at that moment.” She said, smiling broadly like she could remember the moment. 

   Sage chuckled and slipped from his glass of water wishing his case would be as easy as his parents. 

    “Why was dad shy?” He asked, and his mother  smiled. 

    “I believe he was scared of father. Everyone at school was scared of me because of my father. He is quite intimidating, you know.” She said, and he nodded. 

    “I would have imagined.” He muttered. 

    “Sage, your father and I might have been couples since highschool, but we had our own struggles as well. Our relationship had a lot of up and downs, we broke up severally, and there was a point when I thought we could never be together again, and here we are. But that might not be the same with you, son.” She said, and he looked at her. 

    “I like Lina.” He managed to say. 

    “I know. I believe even your father and your sister know that too.”

     “But she is very discreet about everything. I want to understand her, but I can’t. I feel it’s unfair for her to keep things from me, she should feel free to share her burdens so we can find a solution together.” He said, and his mother chuckled. 

    “Did you tell her?”

    “What?”
     
     “About your feelings.”

    “I did, but the timing wasn’t right, so I couldn’t get a response, but I bet that she would reject me, not because she doesn’t feel the same, I believe its not protect me from whatever she is hiding.”  

     “Don’t push too hard, Sage. Don’t try to find out anything if she doesn’t feel comfortable to share it. Just stay by her side as a friend. Who  knows, she might not be the girl.” She said, and he looked at her. 

    “I think it can only be Lina, mum.”

    “Oh, my. You got a lot of courage, I wish your father was like you when he was your age.” She teased, and he managed to chuckle. 

   “Mum, are you making fun of my feelings?” He whined. 

     “Of course not, son. But don’t make her feel uncomfortable. I had a friend in highschool, he was very protective of me, and he loves inferring to everything I do. He felt obligated to know everything about me which made me uncomfortable. I avoided him even as a friend, because he was just not my type of friend. You should understand when your friend is trying to do something’s alone, friends don’t always have to rely on each other.”

    “You think I might be making her uncomfortable?”

    “If you keep interfering, then you can end up losing your friendship.”

     “I’ll keep that I mind and he more careful, mum.” He muttered, and she patted his back. 

     “Oh, my son is all grown up.” 

     “Mum, you are back. I did better in my English test.” Clara shouted, approaching them. 

     “Is that so? Let me see.” Her mother said, but Sage was quick to collect the report. 

     “What? 7 out of 20!” Sage shouted. 

     “You scored 7?” Her mother repeated. 

      “Yes, I meant that I did better than last time.” She grumbled. 

      “Oh, that’s my baby. This prove that you would gradually improve.” Her mother said patting her hair, and she grinned broadly. 

  Sage shook his head, and let out a sigh before taking his leave. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION^^^
^
  Micheal was trying to work in his study, but he couldn’t seem to concentrate. He has been thinking of the best way to get rid of Ava, but nothing came to his head. If it were other students at school, it would’ve been easy to get rid of them, but Ava is a Stanford, not just from an influential conglomerate family, she was also from a powerful political family. His father has high respect for the Packard’s, and he has also been trying to be business partners with the Stanford’s so getting rid of Ava would mean crossing a lot of line. 

  He made that agreement with Paulina because she was pitiful, and he wanted to protect her from Ava, but no it seems like he really needs to get rid of Ava for real. 

 He was still trying to figure out a plan when his secretary called his attention to the main dinning hall. 

  He let out a sigh before going to freshen up, wondering what his parents wanted to discuss again. 
*
  He got to the dining hall, and took his seat while his parents engaged on a conversation. 

   “You mean chairman Stanford asked for a favor for an extra invite to the next big dinner?” Mrs. Russ said in surprise. 

   “Yes, he said he wanted to gift it to a regular student’s parent.” Mr. Russ replied. 

   “Surprising! Who could have thought chairman Stanford could make such request.” Mrs. Russ said. 

   “This is actually the first time he would call me, so it was like an honor. This could be our chance to win his favour.” Mr. Russ replied. 

   “Say that again, sweetheart. Micheal, I thought you were close to their daughter.” Mrs. Russ said. 

    “No!” He muttered. 

    “No?” Mrs. Russ repeated. 

    “We used to be close before she went to England.” He muttered. 

     “Wow. You even know the details. Chairman Stanford is a strict businessman, but I heard he has a soft spot for his family, most especially his daughter. He even joined in his wife campaign last week despite his busy schedule. What a happy family.” Mr. Russ said, and Micheal exhaled heavily. 

    “Mike, isn’t she one of the students that was reported to the disciplinary board?” Russ asked.  

   “That’s old news. Mike, you should be closer to her. Put all misunderstandings behind, and ensure you win her favour before the next parent-student dinner. We should play all our cards, and win the Stanford’s over.” 

   “I heard that he doesn’t discuss business outside the company’s wall.” Mrs. Russ said. 

    “Yeah… he has so many policies.” Mr. Russ muttered, and Micheal let out a sigh. 

   “Why do you keep sighing like a sick dog?” Mrs. Russ blurted. 

    “Seems like you really don’t get along with the Stanford’s daughter.” Mr. Russ teased. 

    “Micheal, I heard about your new girlfriend.” Mrs. Russ said, and he looked at her. 

   “Is anything wrong with the girl?” Mr. Russ asked. 

    “Nothing you might be interested in, expect from the part that never get along with our dear Stanford daughter.” Mrs. Russ said, and Micheal made a fist. 

    “Breakup with her.” Mr. Russ blurted, and Micheal looked at him. “You shouldn’t be with any  complicated person, I ding care about who you date, but if whoever will affect our anticipated relationship with the Stanford, then you should know better. You are a businessman, you shouldn’t take such risk.”

    “The news is false, we aren’t together.”

    “So there is really a girl.” Mrs. Russ muttered, with an evil smirk. 

    “Then stop being friends with her, avoid any connection between the both of you.“ 

    “Ok, dad.” Micheal muttered, playing with his food. 

    “Did we get a new chef?” Mr. Russ asked later, and his wife smirked. 

    “Why? Does she remind you of our old chef?” She asked back, and Mr. Russ stopped eating to look at her. “Enjoy your meal, sweetheart. Good food shouldn’t waste.” She muttered, and continued eating. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 Power over power 🥹
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER TWENTY EIGHT. 2️⃣8️⃣
.
         ❣️❣️Broken trust❣️❣️
.
 Story by: SUC WRITES 
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
.
  ❌DO NOT COPY OR REPOST ❌
.
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
    CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^ 
  Ava tossed and turned on her bed trying to gather her thoughts together. She has been thinking of the best way to get rid of Paulina but no idea came to her head. Her friends were also annoying, they have all been chatting together on thier group chat like nothing conspired between them earlier. She got really angry, and left the group chat, clearing off all their messages before she dropped her phone. 

 A maid knocked on her door later to disrupt her from her thoughts, rendering her father’s message to her - he requested to see her in his living room, and she stormed out of the room, wondering what he wanted to discuss with her. 

 She got to the living room, and he gestured her to take a seat. She used to be very close to him when she was younger, but they grew apart gradually, and now she only enjoy a word that doesn’t involve any member of her family. 

    “Ava, you truly plotted the drama that happened to Paulina during that programe, why did you do it?” He asked, and she glared at him. 

  They have been distant enough, and she couldn’t help but wonder what he wanted to discuss with her. Ever since she returned from England, she hasn’t had a one-on-one conversation with him, only for him to summon her now to scold her for his illegitimate daughter. 

    “Are you upset that I set up your illegitimate daughter?” She blurted, and he glared at her. 

    “Ava, you know the consequences of what you are doing. Do you want to jeopardize your mother’s election?”

   “Is mum’s election your major concern, or you are worried for your illegitimate daughter?”

   “When did you become like this, Ava? This isn’t the daughter I raised.”

    “The daughter you raised without an illegitimate sister is gone the day that illegitimate daughter of yours step foot in this house.” She shouted, and stood up. 

     “I’m not done talking!” He yealled. 

    “What do you want to do? What do you still have to say? Are going to give me an earful for me to accept her, or you want to threaten me? I’m not scared of you, dad. You lose my respect the day you brought your illegitimate daughter home.” She blurted, and he raised his hand to hit her, but he controlled himself. 

    “Ava…”

   “What? Are you going to hit me? Why don’t you hit me? I was doing just fine in England, but you made me return and brought that illegitimate daughter of yours home as well. Don’t you think about how I’ll feel? Don’t you care about me at all? Obviously, you don’t. You only worry about yourself, that’s why you brought that illegitimate daughter of yours here. I hate you!” She shouted, and ran off. 

  She bumped into her mother on the way, but she ignored her and continued on her way, running all the to her room. 
*
  Grace looked at her daughter, and went to the living room to join Paul. 

    “Paul, what did you discuss with Ava to make her that angry?” She asked, and he let out a sigh. 

   “I just confirmed that Ava was truly the one behind what happened to Paulina during that programe, and she might likely be the one that set up that blackmailer to you.”

   “So?” She blurted, and he looked at her. 

   “So? Your daughter is causing troubles, and that’s all you can say.” 

    “Are you worried about her? Are you worried about your illegitimate daughter with Charlotte?” She lashed. 

    “Grace… Ava did the wrong thing, and I’m trying to scold her for it.”

     “Don’t you dare! You were the one who went wrong in many ways, you are the reason why our daughter is hurting, you are the one trying to jeopardize my election. It’s all you, Paul! If you haven’t gotten involved with Charlotte in the first place, if you never had a child with her then none of this would’ve happened.”
    
     “What are you getting at? “

    “What’s your justification for having an illegitimate daughter? What? You were with Charlotte before we got married? You would have married Charlotte if I didn’t enter the picture? Is that your justification?”

   “Grace, don’t bring the past into this. As long as I’m Ava’s father, I’ve all rights to scold my daughter when she does something wrong,” 

   “Go ahead and scold her all you want, fight for your illegitimate daughter. But remember this, Paul. Her existence is still a secret from father.” With that, she took the exit. 

  “Yes, it was all my fault.” He lamented, remembering how he ended up with Grace. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK to 19 years ago***
*
  Paul saw the news about charlotte’s accident, he panicked in fear and he hurried to the parking lot intending to leave the house when his father’s car drove in. 

   “Paul, heading somewhere?” His father asked. 

   “I’m in a hurry, dad. I’ll be back.”

    “Where are you off to? We are receiving important guests later, and they will be here shortly. You should adjourn your outing.”

  “It’s an emergency. My friend was involved in an accident.”

    “Your friend? Or your girlfriend?” His father said, and Paul looked at him. 

    “Yes, my girlfriend.”

   “Paul, I never cared about your relationship, but you have to end it with her. Her family are criminals. I can’t believe I allowed you hangout with such people in the first place.”

   “Dad, please. Charlotte is in danger, I’ve to go to her.”

    “What will that change? Your being there won’t bring her out of danger. Now go back in, I already instructed the securities not to let you out, just until we entertain our guests. Return back inside.” With that his father left, and Paul let out a sigh before returning to his room. 
*
  He was summoned to the garden few minutes later, and he met Grace and her father there. 

    “Paul.” Grace called cheerfully, waving at him, and he managed to force a smile, waving back. 

   “You are all grown now, Paul. You’re now a man. I totally forgot the young kid that was always roaming around the compound with Grace.” Mr. Packard (Grace father) said, and they all laughed.
*
  The adults started talking about a wedding, and it took him a while to realize that they were planning his wedding to Grace because he had been absentminded since the whole conversation started. 

    “What wedding?” He muttered, and they all looked at him. 

    “Paul, aren’t you here the whole time? Our parents want us to get married.” Grace said, and the parents smiled. 

  “What do you think, Paul? It would be best for you two to get married, you’ve known each other since you were born. You literally grew up together.” Paul’s father said.

   “But you didn’t discuss it with me, dad?” Paul muttered, in disbelief. 

    “Paul, Grace likes you, and I’m sure you feel the same. So why waste time?” His father said, and Paul looked at him. 

   “Do you have why objections?” Mr. Packard asked, and Paul’s father laughed. 

   “Why would there be an objection? I believe this month is best for the wedding. It’s a busy month, and they returned from school vulnerably on their own.” Paul’s father said. 
    
   “Excuse me,” Paul muttered, and excused himself. 

    “Paul.” Grace called, and ran after him. 
*
    “Paul, wait!” She shouted, when they got to the hallway. 

   “Are you kidding me? Didn’t I made myself clear when I turned down your feelings? We can only be friends, Grace. I can’t marry you!”

   “Paul, it was all my father’s idea.”

   “But you weren’t against it. Your father wouldn’t have brought it up to my father if you were against it.”

    “Why shouod I? We both know I like you.”

    “I can’t marry you, Grace. I can’t. We can only be friends.” He said, and turned to leave. 

   “Because of that daughter of a criminal?” She shouted, and he looked at her. 

     “Grace…”

    “It should’ve just been me from the start, Paul. You shouldn’t have brought that criminal’s daughter to our friendship circle. If were just me, you wouldn’t be confused.” She said, and kissed him, but he pushed her away. 

   “Even if we were never friends with Charlotte, it can’t still be you.” 

     “What’s so wrong with me?” 

  “I don’t have time for this, Grace. Go back to your father and tell him to cancel his plans, I’ll tell my father the same. That’s all I’ve to say.”

   “Never! Remember I told you Paul, you can either be mine, or you choose me. It’s either way, Paul.”

  “Stop being pathetic! Our friend is in the hospital, and all you care about is this?”
     
   “Who cares about her? To me, she was never a friend. And if you call this being pathetic, then you will be stuck with this pathetic woman for the rest of your life.” With that she left.
*
  The Packard’s left later, and Paul’s father summoned him to his living room. 
     
    “Stupld!” His father shouted, and slapped him. 

    “I’m sorry, dad. But even if you hit me more than this, I won’t still marry Grace. You should have consulted me before making any plans.” 

   “Even if your chance of being the chairman is on the line?” His father muttered, and Paul looked at him. 
   
   “What are you talking about, dad?” 

   “The fact! The Packard’s are the only ones that can guarantee a future for you.” His father said, and hand over some documents to him. 

  In the documents, there are evidence that prove some funds embezzlements, and illegal tax payment. 
    
   “What’s all these, dad?”

  “Exactlywhat it is. I got a call from the chief prosecutor today, and if I get charges for these, we will lost tons of money. If I want to get out without serving time, and I would have to trade all our shares for it.”

   “So what does this have to do with the Packard’s?” 

    “You know Joffrey (Mr. Packard)  is a very powerful politician, I could come this far with his help, so he will help me cover this up till I fix it gradually without getting the public attention.”

   “But what does that have to do with me marrying Grace?”

  “He presented the marriage proposal.” 

    “Dad…”

    “Paul, our family’s future is in your hands. If we loose our shares, the company will no longer be ours, and your  future can’t be guaranteed.” 

    “Dad…”

   “Joffrey can’t let his daughter marry you if he won’t find a way to cover this, so it’s an assurance.” 

    “Dad…”. Paul shuddered, and his father patted his shoulder before leaving. 
*
  Paul left the house and went to a bar to drink, thinking about his father’s proposal and the consequences. He have always lived his life as the heir to the Stanford’s Group, the thought of losing it was very bothersome. 

    “You shouod have invited me if you are going to drink out.” He heard Grace said, sitting next to him. 

   “I want to be alone.” He muttered. 

   “I’m alone too. Let’s forget about our little fight, Paul. We’re still friends after all.” Grace said, and he nodded. 

    “Yeah… we’re still friends.” He muttered. 
*
 They both got drunk together, and also ended up sleeping together. 
*
*
FLASHBACK ENDS ***
*
   Paul let out a sigh, as he remembered everything, and concluded that it was all his fault. He failed to protect Charlotte and chose to protect himself instead. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
 Paulina got to school the following day, and she couldn’t stop thinking about Steven. She made sure she took his pendant, so she could give it to him and question his job at the noddles restaurant. 

  She was walking down the hallway when Sophia ran into her embrace. 

    “Paulinaaaaaa…. My loveeee.” She screamed, and Paulina wondered what have gotten into her. She was angry at her yesterday for keeping her relationship with Micheal a secret, and now she is being as lovey-dovey. 

     “Sophie, what’s new?”

    “My parents received an invitation to the supreme class parents-students dinner.” She shouted, and Paulina looked at her trying to comprehend her words, until she understood. 

    “What dinner?” They heard Sage asked, joining them. 

    “The big dinner. The parents-students dinner, and this years it’s gonna be a hall party. I need to get my dancing shoes.” Sophia giggled. 

     “What dinner is she talking about?” Sage asked. 

    “It’s a school dinner hosted for the supreme class students, and she is excited because her parents got invitation.”

     “Oh… but wait. If it’s a supreme class dinner, how come you got invited?”

    “There is nothing connections can’t get you. Thanks to, Lina, my parents and I get to participate in this.” Sophia said, in delightfully. 

     “Did you gift her your own invitation?” Sage asked, in confusion. 

     “It’s a long story, Sage. We will be late for class.” Paulina said, and Sage eyes widened. 

     “Oh… I see.  You two are keeping secrets from me now.” He whined, and they both laughed. 
*
  Paulina went to class, and met the MASS in class. Austin waved upon seeing her, and she waved back wondering what got into him. She looked at Steven whose gaze was fixed on her, and Micheal didn’t even spare her a glance. 

  She exhaled heavily and went to her seat, when someone passed a note to her. 

 She looked at the note, and the person who smiled before looking away. She opened the note, and read the contempt which reads… 
   📝*On behalf of all the students in, we’re sorry for everything! School president. 

  She looked around confused, and Micheal collected the note from her. 

   “Who’s the school president?” She managed to ask. 

   “That’s Jessica.” Austin said, and collected the note from Micheal. 

     “But Jessica isn’t in this class.” Austin said. 

    “Who sent this and from who?” Micheal shouted, and the entire class flinched in fear. 

    “It was form Jessica, she asked us to pass it to her.” A girl said, pointing at Paulina. 

     “Relax, buddy, they might’ve good intentions.” Stanley said. 

    “Good intention from Jessica? I doubt!” Austin blurted. 

   “Who’s she?” Paulina found herself asking 

   “Jessica. She’s Jessica Lockwood, the only granddaughter of chairman Brant of Haven Groups. At least everyone knows about Haven Groups, as long as you exist in this world.” Austin blurted. 

    “Then I believe we live in different worlds.” She said, and snubbed. 

    “Absolutely different!” Austin lashed. 

    “That’s enough! Stanley, I want you to confirm what Jessica has been upto lately.” Micheal said. 

    “Nothing, absolutely nothing. It told you she could have good intentions.” Stanley blurted. 

  A teacher entered the classroom, and they all divert their attention to the teacher. 
*
 Steven avoided Steven all day, she didn’t even get to return his pendant and she instantly understood that he was still embarrassed because she saw him at the noodle’s restaurant, so she decided to give him all the space he  needed. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Paulina arrived home after a long day at school she tried to work on her assignment till it was late, but a call from Micheal kept distracting her. 

  She ignored his calls severally, but she realized he won’t pick up, so she received it angrily. 

    📞*What? What do you what?*
   📞*Yes, where is the owner of the phone.*
    📞*Why am I the one he was trying to call?*
     📞*Hmmmm… ok, I’ll be right there, can I get the name of the bar again?*
    📞*Ok, I’ll be there in a jiffy.* With that she dropped the call. 

   Awry to what she expected, a bar attendant was the one who picked up the call to tell her Michael was drunk and trying to contact her. 
*
  She hurried out, and asked the driver to drive her to the nearest bus station, there she board a cab to bar he was, and met him there alone accompanied by a bottle of wine. 

    “Hey, it’s Lina.” He waved, and she scoffed before going to him. 

    “Why were you trying to call me when you’re dunk? You should have called shy of your friends, why me?” 

    “Because they… are my friends, but you’re my girlfriend.” He said, and emptied another glass of wine. 

    “Are you sure you are really drunk, or you are just acting up?” She blurted, collecting the glass from him. 

   “Lina… I know you don’t trust me, I’m actually a c0ward, I don’t also trust myself. I’ve failed my primes to you before, and I actually want to keep this one. But…. Can you trust me, even when I doubt myself?” 

    “What nonsense are you saying? We should get you out of here.” She said

    “If I were your childhood friend, that Mikey that you always call me… would you trust me? Even if it was a tiny winky trust?” 

    “Even if it will make you feel better, Mike, I would be honest with you. I don’t trust you, and even worse if you were Mikey.” She muttered, and he looked at her. 

      “Really?” He asked, and she nodded; remembering her childhood friend again. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK to many years ago***
*
 Paulina was on her way to school, and Miley ran up to catch up with her. They’ve been friends for few weeks, they hang out together at school and always go fishing with her mother together. 

   “Hey, Lina, wait up.” 

   “Hi, Mikey.” 

   “There uou go again. I told you to call me Mike like everyone does. Mikey sounds like a puppy name.” He whined. 

    “You call me Lina, so I’ll call you Mikey.”

    “But everyone calls you Lina.”

    “It’s unfair to calm you Mike. It’s just a syllable, Mikey make us even.”

    “There you go swim. Then fine, I’ll allow you call me Mikey, you are the only one permitted to call me that.” He said, and she lausgged. 

    “I would always call you Mikey  even if you don’t permit me to.” She teased. 

   “I know, that’s why I gave in. Now, I’ve the upper hand.” He muttered, and she laughed. 

   “You wish.”

   “You should’ve waited for me, I’m always running to catch you. We both take the path to school, you should’ve waited.”

    “I don’t want to.”

   “Why?”
    
    “What if I wait and you don’t show up? I once waited for Emil to show up, but she didn’t. I know do me that her father got a car, and he started driving her to school.” She muttered, a little disappointed. 

    “That’s good for her.”

    “Yes it was. But I waited for nothing, and was late to school.”

   “That will never happen with me. I don’t even have a father, and my mother can’t buy a car sha rather buy a trunk filled with alcohol than a car, so you should always wait for me, and I promise never to keep you waiting.” He said, and she nodded all smiles. “Promise?” He muttered, and stretched his pinky finger to her. 

   “Promise.” She said, and they did the pinky swear. 
*
   Paulina waited for him patiently the filling day for close to an hour, but he never showed up. She left angrily and ends to school with intentions to confront him later but he wasn’t at school. 

  She waited the day after, but it was still the same and she started to worry, he didn’t come show up when she went fishing, and he never shooed up again. She doesn’t know his house, so there was no way she could check up on her, so she gathered courage to ask his classmates who always bullied her, and she discovered that he transferred school, and she never saw him again. They were friends for barely a month, but his sudden disappearance really hurt her. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
 Paulina let out a sigh, and put the bottle of wine away. 

   “Come on, let’s go.” She said, and helped him up. 

   “Why? Why don’t you trust Mikey? I thought he was your friend.” He muttered, and she assisted him up, wrapping his arm around her shoulder. 

    “Stip comparing yourself to Mikey. He is from an humble family, but you were an elite.” She muttered, and he looked at her wobbling on his feet. 

 She dragged him to confine walking, but he lost his balance and they both fell together, with him lying flat on her. 

   “Mike, get up.” She shouted. 

  “I… I’m not a true elite.” He muttered, and passed  out. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 What’s Mike saying? 🥹
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER TWENTY SEVEN.2️⃣9
.
      ❣️❣️Queen of the shots❣️❣️
.
_________________________________

Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 

_________________________________

*
.*
 Paulina called the attention of the bar attendant, and he helped her move Micheal away before she took his phone to check his emergency contact list. She called his secretary’s phone, that was the only emergency contact there - she did what she should’ve done earlier.  

 Mr. Jones (Micheal’s secretary) arrived within few minutes and took him away, while she boarded a taxi back home. 
*
  She arrived home, and was surprised to meet her father by the hallway. 

  “Good evening, sir.” She greeted, and continued on her way. 

   “Paulina, can I’ve a moment?” He asked, and she stopped on her track to look at him, wondering what he wanted to discuss with her. 
*
  They both went to his private living room together, and he gestured her to sit. 

   “Paulina, how have you been?” He asked, and she looked at him. 

   “Sir?”

   “It must’ve been hard on you to adjust in this house with a dimwit father like me that can’t standup for you.” He said, and she let out a sigh. 

   “I…”. She shuddered, confused on the right response. 

   “I confirmed that Ava was truly the one behind the incidence during that volunteer programe, and I’m sure she must’ve been torturing you a lot.”  He said, and she looked at him. 

  “Is that supposed to be a question?” She found herself asking. 

  “Paulina, I’m sorry to be your father, no, how can I call myself your father when I can’t even protect you?” 

   “Did you called me here to sympathize with me?” 

    “Paulina…”

    “Now I know the why mum told me that my father was longed gone, and told me never to think about him. You already confirmed that I’m being bullied by your daughter, this is even beyond bullying, yet you can’t do anything about it.”

    He let out a sigh, and looked at her. “Do you want to transfer school?” 

  She looked at him, and laughed sarcastically. “Is that the least you can do?” 

    “I wish I found you and your mother sooner, maybe then… I might be able to protect you.”

   “If mum was alive, I wouldn’t he here in first place. I was living just fine with her.” She cried. 

   “I’m glad that you were living just fine. One of these days…  I’ll take you to visit your grandfather.”

    “My grandfather?” 

    “Yes, your maternal grandfather. I’m sure he would be glad to see you.”

    “Where is he? Mum never mentioned that to me.”

    “Charlotte must’ve kept it a secret due to reasons best known to her, but I feel it’s right for him to know about your existence now that you are in the city.”

    “Where is he? I want to meet him.”

    “He is in the detention centre .”
    
    “He is a criminal?”
   
   “You are oblivious to so many things, Paulina, but I’m sure you will discover them gradually as time goes on.”

   “My mother was really your childhood friend?” She asked, and he nodded all smiles. 

    “Yes! We were like a squad when we were younger, a squad of four. Come with me, let me show you pictures.” He said, and she nodded in excitement. 

  She followed him to his study room, and he brought out a photo album. 

    “This is your mother.” He said, pointing at Charlotte picture in their group photo. 

   “Wow, mum is so beautiful.” She said, admiring the picture. 

    “Yes, she was the cutest young girl I ever knew back then, I’m sure you were as cute as her.” He said, and she chuckled. 

    “Who are the others?” She asked, pointing at the remaining three people in the picture. 

    “This is me, Louis…. And…”. He shuddered. 

    “And who?” She asked, anxiously. 

    “We separated later, Louis left first, and we lost contact with your mother as well. This was your mother when we reunited again.” He said, and showed her a picture frame. Her mother looked so happy in the picture, dressed like an elite - a picture from the valentine banquet when they were in college.   

    “What really happened to mum? How did you two separated?” 

    “Just as you imagined, your mother’s family was once welloff. The Floods’ are known billionaires until everything fell through.”

     “The Floods?”

    “That was your mother’s real surname.” 

    “Oh…”

    “Your mother lived like a princess with her overprotective father. Your mother cherished that bracelet with you so much, it was a treasure passed down to her by her late mother who died when she was a baby.” 

  “Oh…”. Paulina exclaimed, touching the bracelet. 

   “Paulina, a lot of things happened before you were born, and I wish I could tell you everything , but it was a long story, and I’ve prepare for s big meeting tomorrow. But I promise to find time to tell you.” He said, patting her back, and she nodded all smiles. 

    “Alright, dad. Good luck with your meeting.” She said, and he smiled—that was the first time she called him ‘dad’. 

    “Thank you. I’m sure the meeting will go well since you wished me luck, and even called me dad.” He muttered, and embraced her. “Thank you, Paulina, you don’t know how much those words mean to me. I’ll make sure we visit your grandfather, and also find time to answer all your pending questions.” He said, and she nodded wrapping her hands around him. 
*
 Paulina stepped out of the study room and saw Ms. Grace. 

   “You… what are you doing here?” Ms. Grace blurted, and Paulina flinched in fear. 

   “I… I… Errmmm…” She shuddered. 

    “Just go, just go.” Ms. Grace muttered, and Paulina bowed before leaving. 
.
  Ms. Grace stared at her retreating back, and back at her husband’s study room. He is very strict with his privacy that he doesn’t allow anyone in his study. She never entered his study expect she wants to pick a fight with him. The thoughts of the reason he invited Paulina there bothers her, and she went closer to take a peek. 

  She glance through the door because it’s not properly closed, and saw him checking old pictures and smiling.  She made a fist because she knew that they were Charlotte’s pictures. She clenched her teeth and jammed the door shut before leaving. 
*
 Paulina got to her room, and found herself researching about the Floods’, and was surprised to see all the news, and her mother supposed  suicide. 

    “So everyone thought mum committed suicide” She thought in tears, as she wondered how it hard it must’ve been for her mother to raise her alone. 
**
**
 HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Micheal and his friends sat in thier suite the following day at school. He was absentminded , while Austin and Stanley engaged on random conversations. 

   “Mike, why are you quite? I just said that Roy already got the car that is yet to be delivered to us.” Stanley said, and Micheal looked at him. 

   “He is flaunting it all over his social media.” Austin added. 

    “Hun…”. Michael muttered. 

    “Hun? Man, are you ok?” Austin asked. 

    “I don’t understand that Roy guy, he is always a step ahead of us.” Stanley grumbled. 

    “I can’t believe we wasted money for nothing. I was totally against this from this start, only if I had the upper hand.” Austin said. 

   “Guys, it’s time for class.” Micheal said, and stood up. 

   “I’m the one who needs the attendance, so why are you the one anxious? Can’t we go bunking somewhere, we’ve lost a fortune on that car we purchased.” Austin whined, but Micheal ignored him, taking the exit. 

    “Let’s go, bro. I’m sure Mike has other problems of his own.” Stanley muttered, and wrapped his arm around Steven’s shoulder. 

   “Even still!” Austin shouted, running to catch up with Micheal. 
*
 During classes, Micheal couldn’t bring himself to talk to Paulina who didn’t spare him a glance. He was missing her the whole day, but he couldn’t even bring himself to talk to her after remembering everything that happened the other day. 
**
**
 CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S OFFICE^^^
^
 Paul asked his secretary to find the detention center that Charlotte’s father was, and his secetary reported back to him hours later. 

  “Sir, Mr. Flood has been released,” Mr. John reported back. 

   “What? How is that possible? I heard that he was sentenced to life.” 

   “Yes he was, but JW law firm reopened his case, and he was released with fine, considering the years he has served.”

    “Where is he now?”

    “No idea. We’ve been trying to search for him, but it seems like he disappeared, and there is no trace of him leave the country either,” 

   “He must be somewhere around, keep searching for him,”

    “Yes, sir,”

   “JW law firm is one of the best in the county, who could have sponsored his case?” Paul thought. 
**
**
 HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
The classes ended later, and an announcement was made for all new students to join a school club.  

 Paulina met both Sage, and Sophia in the hallway, and they all walked together, talking about the announcement. 

    “I’m in the music club.” Sophia said. 

    “Music? Do you sing?” Sage asked. 

    “Not really, but I’m good with the piano. You’ll fall in love if you watch me play.” She giggled, and they chuckled. 

   “Lina, what club should we join?” Sage asked, and Paulina looked at him. 

    “Nah… that can’t work. Every class has separate clubs. Same categories, but different teams.” Sophia said 

   “Like the supreme class, and middle class nonsense?” Sage asked. 

    “Exactly! So you and Lina can’t join same club. You can pick the same club… but on different team because of the difference in classes.” 

    “Oh… this class stuffs is really causing a lot of setbacks.” Sage grumbled. 

   “It’s fine, Sage. You can just do your thing.” Paulina said. 

   “Lina, what club in the supreme class will you join? The drama club and exponential club are already excluded.”  Sophia said. 

   “Why? Are their members complete?” Sage asked. 

    “Ava was the leader of drama club before she left school, and now that she is back, I’m sure she would return to the club. It’s a no go area for Lina.” Sophia said, and they both nodded. 

   “What’s the exponential club about?” Paulina asked. 
    
    “It’s consist of only four members, the MASS. They don’t have any activity in particular, they just gather together to do thier things.” 

    “Oh…”. Paulina exclaimed. 

   “Hi, Lina.” A girl said walking up to them, accompanied by 2 others girls and a boy. 

   “That’s Jessica and her squad, what does she want?” Sophia whispered. 

   “The school president?” Paulina asked. 

   “Yes, I’m the school president, Jessica Lockwood,” Jessica said, gesturing her hands for a shake. 

    “I’m Sage Greenwood, how may we help you?” Sage asked, receiving the shake, and Jessica chuckled. 

    “I’m here for Lina. You must be having problems with choosing a club, so I want to recruit you in  mine. Welcome to Math club with a direct invitation from the leader.” Jessica said, and gestured her hand for a shake. 

    “What? Math club…” Paulina grumbled. 

    “Yes, what?” Jessica muttered. 

    “I have no interest in math.”

    “You don’t need interest to be a member. I checked your record, and you are pretty good at math. 92% isn’t a bad grade. You’re just the right member to recruit.” She said, and Paulina struggled to receive the handshake. 

    “I…”. She shuddered. 

    “Just go for it, babe. You managed to score 92% in math. Gosh, you are a genius.” Sophia exclaimed. 

    “Why did you check her records?” Sage asked. 

   “Because it’s needed to know if she qualify.” Jessica blurted. 

   “She didn’t propose to join, so what you did was intrusion.”

    “Let’s save that for the law. I would’ve checked yours as well, but too bad we aren’t in same class so kind the way you speak to me.” Jessica mocked. 

    “Lina, it’s not a must you join.” Sage said. 

    “Come on, my hands are hanging.” Jessica blurted, and someone received the handshake from behind — they were all surprised to see the MASS. 

   “Can I join too? 100% in math should qualify.” Stanley said, and Jessica freed her hand in anger. 

  Stanley has been her rival in mathematics so far, no matter how hard she studied, she managed to beat everyone else expect him. He was always getting the perfect score even though she studied more than him. 

   “Jake, my gee.” Austin said, and exchanged pleasantries with the boy with Jessica. 

  “Lina doesn’t have to join your club, she already has a club.” Micheal said, and they all looked at him. 

    “I’ve a club?” Paulina repeated, pointing at herself.

  “Yes, welcome to our club.” Micheal said, and everyone looked at him — including his friends. 

   “You would be the first outsider to be a part of our club, you should feel honored. Besides, you are no outsider, you are Mike’s girlfriend after all.” Austin said, and Sophia blushed slightly but instantly composed herself when her gaze met Sage angry face. 

   “I thought you don’t accept members in your club?” Jessica blurted. 

   “My club, my rule. Got a problem with that?” Micheal remarked.  

   “No. But too bad… she could make a great impact in the math club.” Jessica said. 

   “I volunteer to fill that space.” Stanley said, but she snubbed him before looking at Paulina. 

  “We could’ve actually made a great team, but too bad.. see you around.” with that she left, and her friends followed. 

    “I’m in your club?” Paulina said. 

   “No objection. I decide to recruit a new member, and I choose you. Let’s make a great team.” Micheal said, and stretched his hand for a shake but she jabbed it away. 

   “Ouch… is that the best way to treat your club leader?” Micheal whined. 

   “What’s your so-called club about?” Paulina asked. 

   “So-called? You just called our exponential club so-called?” Austin hurst out. 

  “We could do anything you want. We could do math if that’s what interest you. We would make a great math club.” Michael said. 

    “Cool!” Stanley muttered. 

   “Math my foot!” Austin blurted, and they all laughed. 

  Micheal wrapped his arm around Paulina’s shoulder, leading her away and she forgot to bid goodbye to her friends as she left with them lost in their conversation. 
*
  They got to thier suite, and she started questioning them concerning their club purpose.

    “If you can come up with five good ideas for the club, we will chose the one we prefer, and I would make you the club member.” Micheal said. 

    “Really?” Paulina asked. 

   “You don’t mean it, Mike. I really enjoy our current activities. Doing whatever we want.” Austin said. 

    “So how is that a club?” Paulina blurted. 

    “Hey, you are being too blunt these days, don’t be too friendly with me.” Austin shouted. 

    “If this is called friendly in your opinion, then you need to associate with less toxic friends.” Paloma said, and Stanley chuckled. 

    “What? Did you just call my friends toxic?” Austin shouted. 

    “Let the girl be, Austin.” Stanley muttered, and Austin glared at him. 

    “Hey! Which side are you?” Austin shouted. 

    “It’s going too noisy.” Micheal grumbled. 

    “There you go again.” Austin muttered, and let out a sigh. 

    “The math club are recruiting new members, do you think I should try again?” Stanley asked, and Austin scoffed. 

     “What’s your stress, bro? You’ve been trying endlessly to join that club but Jessica kept  declining your request with excuse that they have  enough members. You even wanted Mike to overpower her so you could join last year.  Is that how much you want to limit hanging out with us?” Austin blurted. 

   “Yes, yes that’s how much I hate hanging out with you guys. Joining a club where I can challenge my mathematics skills with others would be interesting.”

   “Then form one with miss schooler, she is quite good too.” 

  “Really? Then we could just form a math club.” 

    “You are nut!” Austin blurted. 

  “What am I even thinking?” Stanley grumbled. 

    “I absolutely have a problems with geniuses, you really need to join that math club and free me a little.” Austin blurted, and Stanley scoffed. 

    “That guy, Jake… is he in a relationship with Jessica?” Stanley asked. 

    “Insolence! He is just her friend.” Austin shouted. 

    “But he never had a girlfriend.”

    “He told me he is engaged to a girl in grade 9. He must be struggling a lot.” Austin said. 

    “But he likes Jessica, right?”

   “No, I think you like Jessica.” Austin said, and Stanley looked at him. 

    “What nonsense is that?!” Stanley yelled. 

    “Hey! You don’t have to take it too seriously.”

    “Why would you assume such nonsense in the first place ?” 

     “I don’t think it’s total nonsense. You’ve been trying to join her club, and always picking up on her when you get the chance.”

    “How does that mean I like her.”

    “My point exactly! If you actually like her, try to pick the wrong answers twice and make her the top in maths. Stop pulling nonsense strings, that will only make her loathe you even more.”

    “I can never get an answer wrong? And why would I even do that when I know the right answers?”
     
   “That’s the only way she can like you back, and that’s only if she has moved on from the one-sided crush she had for Mike. Gosh, almost all the girls like Mike, am I invisible?” Austin whined. 

    “Just until the next national math competition. I can’t afford to loose a point now.” Stanley grumbled. 
     
    “That’s it! You just admit to liking her.”

    “Are you happy now?”

   “I’m fulfilled, man. But you shouldn’t like her. It’s not just her.”

    “Why? You were rooting for us earlier.”

    “Because I like her too.”

    “Since when?” 

   “Since now.” 

   “You must be nut.”

    “I think it’s true love.” Austin muttered, and Stanley aimed to smack him but he was quick to run off, and Stanley ran after him. 

  Stanley and Austin ran around together around the room, while Michael and Paulina were engrossed on finding activities for the group, and   Steven was engrossed on the video game he was playing. 
*
  Paulina was unable to find the perfect activity, so she decided to do it later at home, and Michael asked Austin to give her a ride home because he has to attend a meeting later, so he needed time to prepare for if. 

   Austin drove off with Paulina, and they engaged on random conversations about the club activities till he pulled over at the nearest bus station where she asked him to drop her off. 

    “Thanks for the ride, Austin.”

    “I can give you a ride home. I don’t want to get a handful from Mike.” Austin said. 

    “I can find my way from here, thank you,” she said, and alighted from the car. 

     “Alright if you insist. Take care, see you tomorrow,” he waved, and she waved back. 
    “Gosh! Why am I being too friendly with her?” He thought, and drove off. 

  Paulina waited for the next bus, and saw the ragged man she bumped into at school. He doesn’t look different from the other day — to her surprise, she remembered the dress he wore that day, and he was still on same outfit. 

   “He must’ve his own struggles as well,” she thought, looking at him — their gaze met, and she was quick to look away. 
**
**
  IN AN UNKNOWN PLACE^^^
^
  Charlotte recovered gradually, and tried her much as possible to avoid asking Louis too many questions, but she couldn’t help it. 

 He always go to the city to attend to some stuffs, but he always return back each day. 

  He entered her room later at night, and met her still up. 

    “You’re still up,” he said, and she smiled. 

    “You’re late today,”

    “Yeah… I had some things to finish,” 

   “Traveling to and fro must’ve really stressful,”

     “Just until you recover,” 

    “I know it’s shameless of me to make this, because I never paid him a visit even when I was healthy. But I want to know how dad is doing at the detention center. I suddenly thought of him.

Your father is no longer in prison.

What? Where is he now? What happened to him?

His case was reopened, and he was freed with a fine considering the years he already served. Your father is a free man, Charlotte, so you shouldn't worry about him but your recovery. There are a lot of things you are obvious to, and I'm not going to share them until you fully recover," he said and she bowed her head in tears. Come on, don't be like that," he muttered and embraced her.

TBC.
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER THIRTY.3️⃣0️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️His date to the ball❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
.* 
 Sage tossed and turned on his bed trying sleep , but remembering how Paulina left with the MASS as school kept bothering him.  

 He removed his blanket, s d stepped out to the bar to drink when his father joined him. 

   “Having problems, young man?” His father asked, patting his back. 
   
    “She was so friendly to them, she acted natural like they have been friends since ages. She even cracked jokes with him, she was never that way with me.” He muttered, emptying his glass of wine. 

    “Gosh… that’s the most expensive wine here, I can’t believe you opened it while sulking. I paid a fortune to get that.” His father said, and poured himself a glass. “But I believe even this billon dollar wine, can’t solve your problems.”

   “Dad, what’s wrong with me? Why can’t she hit me like she hit him? Why can’t she tease me as well? Why can’t she laugh that hard with me?” He cried. 

    “Bad timing. Your mum should’ve been the one here instead. We both know I’m bad with words.”

     “Am I that bad?”
     
     “No, no, not you, but me.”

     “So I take after you.”

     “What? Never! You and Clara should take after your mother. I managed to be the chairman because I had no rival, and I’ve been struggling a lot to ensure the company continues to grow. I suck at a lot of things, son. I can’t even list them.”

    “Dad… we are just the same. She is more comfortable with them than with me.” He cried. 

   “No, son. You shouldn’t be like me. Please, don’t be like me. The future of the Greenwoods’ family relies on you.”

    “I’m sorry, dad… but I’m already lacking. She even left with them like we never existed.” 

    “Son, there is still hope for you, you can still be a better person.”

    “Don’t have any expectations from me, dad… I’m not just the one… mum was right after all, I might not be the one.”

    “Son, what’s the motto your grandfather taught you.”

    “Never give up, each day is a new beginning.” 

    “That’s my boy. I’m so incapable that I alway whine over a lot of things, I don’t even use that motto anymore.” His father whined, snd emptied his glass of wine. 

    “Dad… what do I do?” 

    “I don’t know, son. Your incapable father is lost. That’s why I married your mother to spare my children from my incapable gene. Do you know how much I struggled to get your grandfather’s blessing’s when I wanted to marry your mother? Despite coming from a good family, despite having a good reputation, your grandfather was still against us because he saw this day coming. Thinking about it gives me the creeps… opss…” 

   “I really like her, dad. What do I do?” He cried, and his father embraced him. 

   “I wish I could help you as your father, but I’m equally lost. I’m having some problems right now, and I wish your mother could just put away what she is doing and give me a listening ear.”

   “What’s going on here?” His mother shouted, from behind then father and son composed themselves immediately. 

    “Mum, shouod I give up?” Sage muttered, and his father gestured his mother to speak to him. 

   “Son, it’s late. Your problems can only be solved when your head is clear. Let’s talk it out tomorrow.” She said, and he nodded before leaving. 
    
   “Just like that?” Mr. Greenwood gasped, and his wife shook her head in disbelief. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
   Paulina worked on the club activities all night until she came up with interesting ideas, so she happily went to school with intention of sharing it with them later. Austin was the first she saw alighting from his car, and she contemplated before waving at him. 

    “Hi, Lina, I’m glad you’re safe.” He said, and wrapped his hand around her shoulder. 

    “What’s that supposed to mean?” She asked with a chuckle. 

    “Mike asked me to give you a ride home but I didn’t. If you gig a scratch, I’ll pay tenfolds.” He said, and she laughed. 

    “Austin, when did you get a new bestie?” Stanley who just arrived asked approaching them. 

    “What bestie?” Austij muttered, and Stanley pointed at his hand around Paulina’s shoulder. 

    “Your hand is on her shoulder, what’s that called?” Stanley teased. 

    “Of course not, my hand just hang there. Why would I place my hand on her shoulder.” 

    “Oh… I see.” Stanley said, and Paulina laughed. 

     “Why did I even do that?” Austin grumbled. 

    “Hi, Lina. Were you able to come up with ideas?” Stanley asked, and Paulina nodded. 

    “Yes, I’ll tell you guys later. They are five interesting ideas.” Paulina said. 

    “Interesting my foot!” Austin blurted. 

    “At least let’s hear it out first. I bet it’s something interesting.” Stanley said. 
*
 During recess, Paulina hang out with Sage and Sophia as usual, and Sage didn’t act indifferent, neither did he asked her any questions. Sophia ok the other hand scolded her for leaving without biding goodbye, and she apologized for it, sigh excuse that she was lost in the conversation. 

After classes, Paulina and the MASS went to their suite, and she presented the activities she came up with to them, and they all concluded on one, and created a group chat for the club. 

 Micheal wanted to give her a ride back after the club activity, but she refused and followed Sage who was waiting for her. 

    “I see your club activity ended on time.” Sage said, and Paulina nodded. 

     “What about you? Haven’t you decide on a group yet?”

    “I’m still deliberating.”

    “So why have you been waiting behind?” 

    “I was in the library reading some history books do I got hook up in it.”

     “Come to think it, you could just join the history club.” 

    “Nah, nah, that’s too much. I can’t. I was just interested in the book, not the county’s history. Who cares about the county?” He said, and she  laughed. 
*
  He pulled over at the nearest bus station, and she intend to alight from the car, but he stopped her. 

    “Why don’t you just take a cab?” He asked. 

    “I recently got the card, and I’ve enough money there. It’s also less expensive.” 

     “Ok.” He muttered, and she intend to leave, but he held her back. 

    “Lina.” He called, and she looked at him. 

     “What?” 

    “I was going to mind my business until now, but I’ll keep to it. About you and Mike, I believe in whatever you want, but I’m always here when you want to be honest with me.” He said, and she nodded. 

     “Thanks a lot, Sage.”

     “And don’t be too polite with me, it makes me feel like we aren’t friends. You aren’t that way with Sophie and the others.” He whined, and she smiled. 
*
 She waited for the next bus, until it arrived. Immediately she entered it, the ragged man entered as well but there was no seat left. She looked at him, and gave up her seat to him. 

    “Thank you.” He managed to say, and took the seat. 

    “Don’t mention.” She muttered, and looked away, wondering why she is always bumping into him.  
*
  Paulina alighted at the station closest to the noddles restaurant, not to see Steven but to have noddles because their noddles is good. 

  She got to the noddles shop, and Steven walked up to her after she placed her order. 

    “Why are you here?” He blurted. 

    “Obviously to eat noddles.” She lashed back. 

    “Why aren’t you asking me anything?”

    “Are you going to answer me honestly?” 

    “Let’s go.” He said, and dragged her up. 

    “Hey, I haven’t eaten yet.” She shouted, allowing him drag her away. 

    “Steven, where are you taking the customer?” The man in charge shouted. 
*
  Steven dragged her to the delivery bike and gave her a helmet. 

    “What? Hop on.” He said, and she nodded. 

  She wore the helmet, and he drove to a field, and lead her to seat on the grass. 

   “Wow. It’s beautiful out here.” 

    “Have you never go sightseeing before?”
    
    “Just once I guess, with Sophie and Sage. It was so fun.” 

     “Oh…”. He muttered. 

     “So, why are we here?”

      “The pendant, are you with it?”

      “Nope. You have been abiding me at school, so I kept it back at home so I won’t lose it.”

   “Just help me keep it safe, there is nowhere for me to keep it here.” 

   “Why are you working part time? Ads bg you an elite?”

    “You think I’m an elite?”

    “Everyone at school believe the same.”

    “I wish I was,” he muttered, and she looked at him.

    “Even you?”

   “Even me?”
    
    “When Mike was drunk the other day, he told me he isn’t a true elite, and now you,”

    “Mike said that?”

    “I believe it’s because he was drunk,”

     “Do you trust Mike ?”

     “Why do you ask?”

     “I’ve been friends with Mike for years, but I don’t trust him. So I was just curious to know if you do.”

    “Why do you doubt him?”

    “Because he seems to have secrets.”

    “I rather doubt you, because you’ve more secrets. You were supposed to be an elite, but you’re working part-time, and you even have a pendant that you’re keeping a secret from your friend. Who are you exactly?”

    “I… I’m just Steven.”

    “Why don’t you talk at school, and whenever you’re with your friends?”

     “Because they asked me not to.”

     “Really?”

     “I’m not a friend to them, so they asked me to talk. I’m better off quiet.”

     “You aren’t gonna share the reasons with me, right?”

    “Are you going to gossip about me to the other?” He asked, and she looked at him. 

    “I don’t enjoy talking about others.”

    “I’ve to return to the restaurant. Do you still want to eat noodles?” He asked, and she nodded. 

    “Until when should I keep your pendant?” She asked. 

    “Till I’m confident enough to own it.” He muttered, and she held his hand. 
    
     “You’ve a beautiful voice, you should speak more.” She said, and he looked at her. 

     “Stop teasing me.” 

    “You’ve a beautiful masculine voice, it’s such a shame that you don’t speak often. It’s like a society loss.” She teased, and he chuckled. 

    “Then I’ll try to speak more… to you.” He said, and she chuckled. 
*
*
 Paulina grew fond of Steven afterwards, and she drop by at the noodles restaurant often to hang out with him and also enjoy thier noodles. 

  School has been fun, she got along with the MASS, and always enjoyed a bliss during thier club sessions. 
  She got along well with the MASS, and also with her friends —Sage and Sophia. She go to the noodles restaurant often as well, and hang out with Steven. He is a very cool guy, and she grew really fond of him. 
    
 Ava hasn’t pull any strings since the last time, and her friends totally avoided her doing their own things. They vacate her suite, and have been having fun alone without her. 
*
 Days passed into weeks, the supreme class students started making preparations for the big dinner that is fast approaching—parents-students dinner. 

 The boys go around with presents proposing to girls to be thier dates, some got rejected and some were accepted spicing  up the moment. 
*
 The MASS all at in thier suite with Paulina after thier club session for the day, they sat to have dessert while chattering about the guy that got rejected after proposing to Jessica to be his date. 

    “The nerve of Theo to think Jessica will match in with him.” Austin said, and they all laughed. 

    “She rejected three guys in a role, everyone now call her Queen of rejection.” Stanley said, and they laughed again. 

   “How will she find herself a date at that rate?” Paulina muttered, and they all looked at her. 

    “Oh… you’re new so you know nothing.” Austin teased. 

   “What’s there to know?” Paulina grumbled. 

   “You don’t need to know.” Austin said, sticking out his tongue. 

   “Jessica is her father’s pride, he is always her date during every events.” Steven said, and they all looked at him. 

    “Oh…” Paulina muttered. 
    
    “Steven, did you…”. Austin muttered, and Stanley gave him a warning look. 

    “Guys, it’s getting late. 

   “Austin, you shouod worry more about securing a date for yourself. You shouldn’t have broke up with your ex this soon.” Stanley said. 

    “Was it my fault? She found out about our next clubbing plan, and she got angry about it. She throw a tantrum telling me that as long as we are together, she forbid me from going. Like she is my sister or something, so I broke up with her that instant.”

    “She is too full of herself.” Stanley said. 

    “I was also planning to adjust till the big dinner, but it seems like I’ll have to find a date. What do you think about Kyla?” 

    “Cool!” Stanley said. 

   “What Kyla?” Michael asked. 

    “The albino twins.” Austubbreoled. 

    “She turned down Jay.” Micheal said. 

   “I’m not Jay. Stanley and I, will match in that party with the twin sisters.” Austin said, and did a high-five with a Stanley. 

    “Steve, won’t you get a date?” Stanley asked, and he shook his head. 

     “Goodness man, don’t tell me you will come alone like a pathetic man again. This is senior year, bro, senior year!”  Austin blurted. 

    “It’s getting late, and there is a big party ahead of us tomorrow.” Micheal said. 

    “Yeah… a big one.”  Austin muttered. 
*
 Micheal left with Paulina in his car, and she looked at him when the driver drove past the bus station. 

   “He already passed the bus station.” She complained. 

    “I want you to accompany me somewhere.”

     “Where?” 

     “Trust me, I’m not gonna hurt you.” He said, and she scoffed. 

    “I believe I’ve all rights to know wherever you’re taking me.”

    “I know you don’t trust me, but you know you are safe with me.” He said, and she rolled her eyes. 
*
   They arrived at a mall, and all the staffs at the mall assembled outside to welcome them. 

  Paulina looked at him wondering what he was up to, but he held her hand, leading her in. 

    “What are we doing here?” She whispered in his ear. 

    “Shopping. We are here to shop.”

   “I think they are on break, no one is here shopping. Perhaps, it’s their down time.”
     
    “Who knows.” He grumbled thudding his shoulders. 

    “Don’t tell me you are the one behind it.”

   “Then I won’t tell you,” he whispered, and went to sit on the couch. 

     “You’re so unbelievable.”

    “I want you to accompany me somewhere, that’s why I lured you here.” He muttered, avoiding her gaze. 

    “Where?” She asked, already curious. 

    “It’s a secret.”

    “You must be kidding me.”

    “You can’t go there on your school uniform, so you’ve to change.” He said, winking at her. 

   She laughs sarcastically, and later gave in. 

  She tried on so many outfits before she settled for one, matching it with a pair of sliver shoe. And jewelers. 

  She stepped out of the dressing room to join him, and his face lit up as he checked her out. She has always been beautiful, but she look stunning on the outfit. 

   “I can’t accept this Mike, what’s this about?” She blurted. 

   “Beautiful! You look beautiful, no more objections.” He said, and stretched his hand towards her. 

    “You’re annoying.” She blurted, and jabbed his hand away. 

  Walking carelessly past him, she almost fall but he was quick to catch her. 

 His gaze was fixed on hers like he could read something on her face, neither did she looked away. 

 They stood that way for few minutes, and the staffs started giggling mumbling words. 

   👤”They look so good together.” The few staffs around grumbled. 

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

  He instantly released her, and she blinked rapidly  after getting her balance. 

 He cleared his throat out loud, and gestured her to go first. She slightly nodded and composed herself before she walked past him. 
*
 They arrived at a beautiful garden house, and she couldn’t help to admire its beautiful. 

  “It’s so beautiful here, beautiful butterflies and bees.” She said in amusement, her face brightened up. 

    She looked around amazed when she heard a vibrant musical band performance, creating a warm and vibrant atmosphere. She spun around to look at him confused of her purpose there, and saw him on a knee carrying a bunch of flowers. 

    “Will you be my date lc tomorrow?” He asked, and her eyes widened in astonishment ; putting that much effort into asking her to be his date was amazing. 

    “Mike… you could’ve just asked me, do you’ve to go through this length?” She found herself saying. 

   “I’m still kneeing, you should answer me first.”

   “I really don’t want to attend that party, but after putting up all these efforts, can I still say no?” She said, and he chuckled. 

   “Thank you.” He muttered, and embraced her. 
*
  They went to the table and a waiter received their order. 

   “You’re really one of a kind Mike, how can you put up that show just to ask me to be your date?” 

   “That’s the only way you could say yes. I’ve been pondering about it all these while, before this idea came to my mind.”

    “You could’ve ask other girls at school, I believe even that school president… Jessica, would gladly accept you.”
    
    “What made you think so?”

    “I heard she had a one-sided crush for you, so who knows… the feeling might still be there.”

    “One-sided crush? You’re so funny. For you to remember that and use it now, only means one thing. Are you jealous?” He teased, and she couldn’t control her laughters. 

    “What? Jealous of what?”

    “Everyone at school thinks we are dating, and you are in the supreme class. Attending the party with another girl… nah…” 

     “It’s almost a month, Mike. We made the agreement to fake it for a month, and we haven’t even made any Athelstan to get rice of Ava, although she has also been quiet lately. But I can’t help but worry at the thought of what she could be  scheming.” 

    “Then, should we make it real?”
    
   “Make what real?”
    
    “He my girl for real. The one month agreement might not be enough for us to get back at Ava.” 

    “You must be kidding me,”

    “I wasn’t,” he grumbled, and she looked at him. 

 His gaze met hers, but she was quick to look away before they divert their attention to the waiter who brought their orders. 

  They ate in silence for few minutes before Mike broke the silence, starting a conversation about the party, connecting her to a designer that he already paid to prepare her outfit. 

  She ordered for a ride back home after concluding her outfit conversation, declining his offer to give her a ride home. 
*
  She got home and turned on her bed remembering everything that happened. 

   “Why would he make such proposal candidly,” she thought, tossing and turning on her bed. 
**
**
   HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Everyone at school started talking about the party that will held later at night. The supreme class dismissed earlier than usual and Paulina left school with Micheal to get the things she needs for the party, and also expecting her outfit. 
**
  She finally went home later and had to tell Michael that she lived at the Stanford’s mansion because he insisted on picking her up from home. Her outfit arrived later,  she he tried it on taking her time to admire it and her maid didn’t stop hailing her praises. 
  
  She went to freshen up later when it was almost time, and returned to see her outfit ruined, and the pieces scattered around. 

    “Who did she?” She almost cried, and Ava barged into her room. 

   “I’d! That party is not a place for you. My parents and I would be there, and if you want rk show up, you should follow us on your causal wear as the freeloader you are.” 

  Paulina’s eyes turned in fury, thinking of how disappointed Michael would be, he spent a fortune in getting the dress for her.

How could you?! She yelled, and wanted to hit Ava when she heard her phone ringing.

She glared at Ava before going to check the caller ID, and remained puzzled for a moment when she saw it was Michael.

Hello

I'll be there in an hour. Hope you're ready?

I've a little problem, Mike.

What happened? Should I come mow?

Ava ruined my outfit, she cried, for some reasons, she was overwhelmed because she didn't expect that. Michael spent a fortune on the dress, and it was shame that everything got ruined.

Don't cry! I knew this was bound to happen when you told me you stay there so I asked the designer to prepare another dress just in case. I'll contact them now, but it might take longer for it to be delivered. We might be late for the party.

Mike it's fine. Just go without me, I'll follow. You're the director, you would have to give a speech.

That's absurd! How can I do that?

Mike, I promise to follow, I'll follow. If you wait for me, I'll change my mind.

Lina, why are you doing this?

That's my condition, otherwise, I won't go.

Alright, if that's your condition, I'll send my secretary to come pick you up so you can get dressed at the mall. Who knows what Ava could do again.

Thank you, Mike, with that, she dropped the call.

His secretary arrived later, and they went to the designer to get her outfit. It took over an hour for them to wait for the dress before getting dressed.

She arrived at the party almost two hours late, and entered the hall to meet everywhere crowded. Michael promised to walk her in from the parking lot, but she went in and she didn't see him. She waited by the entrance devastated with thoughts of calling him again, but the announcement that followed left her speechless.

To round up my speech, I'd like us to give a toast to the newest couple to be, Michael Russ and Ava Stanford. Mrs Russ announced, and Paulina's face twisted with mixed feelings of shock and disappointment.

TBC 

What engagement? 😳
19/11/2025, 18:46 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER THIRTY ONE.3️⃣1️⃣
.
      ❣️❣️The party❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 HOLAND HIGH SCHOOL BALL^^^
^
 Parents and the supreme class students started arriving one at a time, on expensive rides. Some exchanged pleasantries, and some were envious, and some gossip about others. 

  Sophia and her parents arrived, they showed the security their invitation and they were directed to the parking lot. 

   “Honey, doesn’t it seem like there are different grades of parking lot?” Mrs. Wilson (Sophia’s mother) said, and her husband looked at her. 

   “What nonsense are you spouting? Isn’t it a privilege to be able to attend the conglomerates party, who cares about grades of parking lot. We should be glad to be here, even if we are asked to park our car outside,” Mr. Wilson remarked. 

   “Oh, yeah. Honey, you are right. Sophie, Lina  will be here, right?”

    “Yes, mum. You guys will be shocked by her date,” 

    “Who’s he?” The couples chorused. 

   “Try to guess,” she snickered. 

    “Why this? It’s not like chairman Russ son is her date.” Her mother grumbled. 

   “Bingo!” Sophia shouted, and her parents eyes widened in bewilderment. 

    “You don’t mean it!” The couples chorused. 

    “You’ve to be good to her, Sophie. Ensure you stay close to her at the party, she is the direct keys from my fairy godmother. I just knew it from the first moment I saw her, she was surrounded by good omen.” Mrs. Wilson stated. 

    “I felt it as well.” Mr. Wilson added, and Sophia laughed. 

    “Mum, dad, the president arrived already.” Sophia said, scrolling through her phone. 

   “You don’t mean it!” The couples shouted. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION^^^
^
  Micheal paced around in his room, on the call with Mr. Jones (his secretary) to confirm if he already met with Paulina. If it was left to him, he would leave everything behind to ensure she gets to the party safety, but Paulina is being stubborn.  

 His phone buzz led later from a message from his father. He leg out a sigh when he reed the message. The party already started, and important guests had arrived, including the president who was the special guest for the party, and his presence was needed. 

  He let out a sigh cursing the chairman for going so early, and he called Mr. Jones again before he left. 
**
 He arrived at the party, and the principal went to him. 

   “Mr. Russ, you’re late,” The principal said approaching him. 

   “How is everything going?” He asked. 

   “Sir, the chairman arrived few minutes ago, he already addressed some important guest,” The principal said. 

  He eye-searched  for his father and saw him with chairman Lockwood. 

    “Mike, come over here.” His father summoned, and he composed himself before joining them. 

    “Good evening, sir. I hope you are having a blast?” He greeted, and chairman Lockwood smiled patting his shoulder. 

    “Such a humble gesture from a fine gentleman. I didn’t congratulate you on your inauguration as the director.” 

    “Tour kind gestures are always evident, sir. Your contributions have really gone a long way, thank you all the effort you contributed to this humble school, sir,” 

   “Humble indeed,” Chairman Lockwood said, and they all laughed in sarcasm. 

  Father and son excused their self from chairman Lockwood to go and meet the president. 

   “Why’s you late?” Mr. Russ scolded Micheal on thier way. 

   “I’m sorry, dad,”

   “That’s not an excuse,” his father blurted, and they both went to the president together. 

  They exchanged greetings with the president, and Mrs. Russ joined them there, together they went to Madam Spenser —a 50-year-old divorcée and fearsome woman. Rumor had it that she married a pauper whose identity was hidden to the public, and she divorced him after boring her twin daughters, the albinos. She is an infamous chairwoman who started from the scratch, and made a name for herself   

   “Mike, you’ve grown so tall. Congratulations once again on your inauguration, you remind me a lot about myself when I was a teenager, I was already dinning with the adults, and later overpower them with grace. It’s about time I discuss your engagement to either of my daughters with the Russ.” Madam Spenser said, and they all laughed sarcastically. 

  “We’ve to bargain on whose family Micheal would be matched to. I was just discussing it with my wife.” A chairman said approaching them, and everyone laughed again. 

  Micheal was able to free himself from the awkward conversation, and was summoned upstage to render a speech. 

  After the speech, he called Mr. Jones who assured him that he was with Paulina, and they are both heading to the designer together. 

  He dropped the call, and his parents made him exchange greetings with so many people as the event goes on, until the Stanford’s arrived —Ms. Grace and her daughter. 

   “Mrs. Stanford, or miss Russ, I’m confused because you’re aging backward.” Mr. Russ joked, and they both engaged in a conversation together. 

  Micheal was feeling lost in where he sat, away from his friends and also awaiting Paulina’s arrival. To his surprise, his father summoned him to exchange greetings with Mrs. Russ. He let out a sigh and joined them, wondering when his father became that close with the Stanford’s. 

  He exchanged greetings with Mrs. Russ, but he and Ava didn’t stop eyeing each other, but he donut if the adults noticed because they were engrossed in thier conversation. 

  Austin went joined him later, and they exchanged pleasantries. 

    “Gosh man, I really needed this space to breathe. Dad has been dragging me around to exchange greetings… so frustrating,” Austin lament. 

    “If you are this way, how do you expect me to be?” Micheal grumbled. 

    “I could have imagined. I even saw you with Mrs. Russ,”

    “Yeah, somehow dad happened to be close to them now, but since this is the last parent-student dinner for our year, I know I won’t be caught in gbus moment again,” Micheal muttered. 

    “I should be the one saying that, bro,” Stanley said, joining them. 

    “I haven’t seen Steven around, have you?” Austin asked. 

    “He is probably curled up somewhere. The main event will start soon, he should show up gje
    “Where is Paulina? I doubt if her parents would be here,” Austin said. 

   “I’m still trying to reach her,”

   “What? Did you get ditched?” Austin shouted, and the at the attention of the few people at wound drawn on them. 

   “You’re too loud, man. See you,” with that Micheal excused himself. 
*
  The main event started, and Sophia looked around for Paulina, she has been trying her number but it wasn’t connecting. She was lost at the party almost everyone seems to be relating well with each other and her parents are also struggling to adjust. 

  She was able to reach Paulina later, who assured her that she will arrive at the party soon. 
*
  Micheal confirmed that Paulina will be arrive soon, and he promised to walk her in from the parking lot. She called few minutes later, and he wanted to excuse himself, but his father gestured him to be seated. 

   “Dad, I’ll be quick.” He muttered. 

   “What insolence! Leaving when the president is about to render his speech.” His mother bluffed. 

    “Just until the president concludes his speech.” He father added, and he let out a sigh. 

  Paulina called him severally, but he couldn’t receive the call and she sent a message. 
   💬*You must be busy, I could’ve imagined. I’ll find my way in, see you.*. It reads, and he let out a sigh looking at his father whose attention was focused on the president on stage. 
*
  The president concluded his long speech later followed by applauses, and Mrs. Russ went hostage to add her own speech. Micheal took advantage of that to find his way out, but his mother’s lash sentence made him froze on his feet to look at her. 

   “…to round up my speech, I’d like us to give a toast to the newest couples-to-be, Micheal Russ and Ava Stanford.” Mrs. Russ announced, and he looked at her startled by the announcement. 

  He turned around, and few eyes fell on him, he gaze at the entrance, and saw Paulina there. Her gaze met his, and she retreated taking the exit. 

    “Lina, Lina, wait.” He shouted, trying to go after her, but he felt a hand held his shoulder, he spun around in anger and saw Stanley. 

    “Man, what’s that?” Austin asked running to them. 

   “Let me go, I’ve to go to Lina.” He blurted, and forcefully freed himself from Stanley’s grip. 

    “I don’t think you can.” Austin muttered, and pointed at his parents who were signaling him to join them. 
**
 Paulina didn’t know what got over her, but she felt the need to leave the moment her gaze met Micheal. He must’ve been making a fo0l of her all these while, faking a relationship with her to get rid of Ava when he knew that he was engaged to her. 

   “No wonder he couldn’t do anything to her.” She thought in anger. 

  Her phone kept ringing from a call from Sophia, but she ignored it. Micheal didn’t even try to explain himself to her either because there was nothing to explain. He lured her to the party so she could hear the news herself, and now he is done with her. She couldn’t believe she got ahead of herself thinking she could actually become friends with them when they aren’t even in same class. She was an illegitimate that had to be hidden as an adopted child, who was she to think she could associate with the infamous elite that think they ruled the world. 

   “Sage was right, I shouldn’t have been careless, this might be Mike’s plan with Ava in the first place, this could all be a plan. The ruined dress, and the extra one. It was all their plan, I was a fo0l to fall in thier trap,” she thought in tears. 

  She wasn’t looking at where she was running off to, and she wanted almost fell but a strong arm grip her. She looked up and saw it’s Steven. 

    “Are you ok?” He asked, and she shook her head. “You’re safe now,” he muttered, and drew her in his embrace. 
**
**
  Ava left the party angrily after hearing the announcement, she ordered the driver to drive her home, and she met her father in the parking lot, he also just got back from work. 

    “The party end pretty early. Where is your mother?” He asked, and she shot him a glare. 

    “Why did you do it?” She blurted. 

    “Did what?”

    “Are you trying to play dumb with me?” 

    “Ava, watch the way you talk.”

    “Why should I? When you have been making careless decisions all these while. Isn’t it enough that I’ve to endure living under same roof with your illegitimate daughter? Why would you engage me to that piece of trash?” She shouted, he controlled himself from lashing at her. 

    “What engagement?” He muttered. 

   “Are you trying to play dumb? Are you literally pretending that you know nothing about the engagement that was announced today. I really don’t care about arranged marriage, dad, I have no problem with it because I know many things are bond to happen. But it can’t just be him, not Mike. He is a totally piece of trash, I can’t be with him.” She yelled, and ran inside. 

  Paul stared at her retreating back short of words. His wife never discussed any engagement with him, so Ava’s words really confused him. 

   “Could Grace make that arrangement without my consent?” He thought, but instantly thought against it. “Never, that’s not possible,” he muttered, trying to reassure himself.
**
**
   THE PARTY^^^
^
  Micheal feigned normalcy as people congratulated him on his engagement. He was wise enough to avoid showing his irritation to the public. 

  He managed to free himself later, and went out to search for Paulina, but there was no sign of her. He called Mr. Jones to confirm if she left, but Mr. Jones ensured him that she was still inside. 
 
 He thought of what to do, and went in to find Austin who was dancing with his date. 

    “Come with me, man,” he muttered, and dragged Austin way. 

    “Wait, wait, wait. Nooo… Kyla…” Austin grumbled, as Michael dragged him away. 

    “Where is Stan?” He asked. 

    “I’m not his keeper,” Austin grumbled in annoyance. 

    “I can’t find him,”

   “He was somewhere with Kaila. They were dancing earlier, but they left together,” he grumbled, matching his feet hard on the floor in anger. 

   “Look for him. I’ve to find Lina, and I need him,”

    “Can’t you just do that yourself? My date isn’t missing like yours. You could as well go to your fiancée,” Austin whined, and Micheal glared at him taking him aback. “I’m sure he is around, I find him,” he muttered. 

    “Make it quick,” Micheal said, and Austin nodded. 
*
  They found Stanley who was in company of his date and few of her friends, and he excused himself from them to join Micheal and Austin. 

   “She is still at the party, help me find her,” Micheal said, and Stanley took his phone. 

  He hacked into all the cctv cameras, before he found her. 

   “Look, she is with a man,” Austin said, and Michael collected the phone. 

   “Who’s this?” Michael blurted. 

   “It can’t be that middle class guy, he can’t have access to the party, so who could this be?” Austin said. 

   “Doesn’t this back look familiar, like Steven’s?” Stanley muttered. 

   “Search for Kim in other footage, you should be able to see his face,” Micheal said. 

   “Goodness man, that’s a lot of work,” Stanley whined, and Michael parted his shoulder. 

     “Micheal, how rude of you to leave important guests and wander around with your lackeys,” Mrs. Russ blurted, joining them. 

  Michael gave him friends a reassuring look before following his mother to see the president off. 

  After finding an escape, he returned to Stanley who confined that the mysterious man was Steven. 

   “Where did he take her? Try to find it,” Austin said, and Stanley glared at him. 

Micheal’s phone beeped from a message from his father, he let out a sigh 

    “She would be fine with Steven, I got to go,” he muttered, and left. 

    “Mike seems to be struggling a lot, being the director isn’t everything after all ,” Stanley muttered, staring at his retreating back. 

    “He will be fine. I’ve to return to Kyla,” Austin said, before hurrying away. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION^^^
^
  Micheal arrived home later after his parents, and he went to his father’s living room to talk to him. 

   “Mike, barging I’m here is unlike you,” Mr. Russ said. 

    “The engagement, denounce it!” 

    “What?!” 

    “It’s can’t be her, it’s not just her! I can’t marry Ava, dad. I was in a relationship with her but we broke up, now we hate each other so how do you expect us to be together? For the first time, dad, see me as your son and not some business man you build me into. Denounce the engagement, I don’t want it. And I don’t care about the consequences,” he stated, and huis father chuckled. 

   “As my son, Mike. You will do whatever I say. And a businessman, Mike, you’ll do what’s best for you,”

    “I careless about either. If you won’t do it, I’ll call the press, and denounce the engagement myself, and send an apology to the Stanford’s,”

   “You do no such!” His father yelled. 

   “Then will you denounce it yourself?”

   “Mike, this is for your own good. Getting married to the Stanford’s daughter, it’s for your good. The Stanford’s are powerful conglomerates, and political family. If you’ve them by your side, you will have no struggles in the future. Asides from their benefit to us, you will benefit more from this,”

    “I don’t want, dad,”
    
    “Even when your future is at stake?”

   “I worked so hard to be where I’m now, and I’ll work harder without them,”

    “Can you really do it? Can you really fight the enemy we both know you have alone? The most dangerous enemy is the one very close to you, who knows all your moves, and yet you can’t destroy,”

    “Dad…”

   “You’ll accept the engagement, and get married after high school, then I’ll retire and make you the chairman,” 

    “No, dad…” he shuddered. 

  “I know I shouldn’t retire so early l, but that’s the only way to guarantee your future. I trust you, son, I trust your capabilities, but there are many risks, and I can’t take any chances,” his father said, and patted his shoulder before leaving. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 Mike is stuck 😞
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER THIRTY TWO.3️⃣2️⃣
.
  ❣️❣️Getting two birds with a stone❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Paulina sat on the rooftop with Steven in silence, they did nothing but stare at the night sky until she broke the silence. 

    “Do you know?” She asked, and he shook his head. “Do you even know what I’m asking you?” She asked again, and he nodded. 

    “About the engagement,” 

   “Yes, it was so sudden. I’m aware that my relationship with Mike was fake, but it shouldn’t be Ava who we wanted to get back at together,”

    “I don’t know much about Mike, but I’m aware that he hates Ava,”

    “But how can he hate the person he was engaged to?” She blurted, and Steven shook his shoulder. “You really know nothing about Mike, hun?”

   “Absolutely nothing!”

   “How can you be friends that way?”

   “I’m not thier real friend, I’m simply a stand in that kinda get lucky to be in thier circle,” 

    “What do you mean?” She asked, already curious. 

     “It all happened when I was in middle school. I just got enrolled in grade 7, so don’t even know about thier existence, but i heard that there are some powerful elites that rule the school, their name wasn’t really known then,” he stated, and looked at Paulina who was already curious. 

    “Carry on,” she muttered, and he smiled. 

    “When you look at me that way, I feel like I have to do anything to please to,” he teased, and she laughed. 

    “Well… everything started that day,” 
*
*
 FLASHBACK to when Steven was in grace 7***
*
   Steven stood by the tip of the rooftop staring down emotionless, when he heard voice behind him. 

   “You’re the new student who is already curled up somewhere,” he heard, and he spun around dauntlessly. 

  He might be quiet, but he is very good with his fist. 

   “Mike, is he the one?” Austin asked Mike who nodded. 

   “Yes, he is the right knee. The one we can use, and discard,” Micheal muttered, and Steven made a fist, ready for the worst. 

    “You don’t need that, man. Even if we push you down the rooftop now, we got nothing to lose, why? Because we’re MASS!” Austin blurted. 

    “Get off it, man. Sliver isn’t even around,” Stanley said. 

    “Oh, yeah. That’s why we’re here,” Austin grumbled. 

   Micheal walked closer to Steven who stood there dauntlessly staring directly at him. 

    “You must be good with your fist, considering your courage,” Micheal said, patting his shoulder. “But I don’t need your fist. I like the way you’re quiet, it’s less noisy. I really hate noise. There is a special event we need to appear as the MASS, and you’re a suitable stand in for our friend who is away. You’ll come with us to the event tonight, and you get lost right after,” Micheal said, and Steven looked at him.  

    “You don’t want to?” Stanley teased. 

    “Why won’t he? Mike, you’d so well by taking your time to explain when we could just drag him away,” Austin blurted. 

   “I…-,” Steven was saying, but Micheal cut in. 

   “Nope! You don’t have to say a word, it’s either you jump off now or come with us. I’m out of choices, that’s why I’m here. I don’t want to hear your voice, your opinion isn’t needed,” Micheal sneered, squeezing Steven’s shoulder. 

   “You’re scaring him, man,” Stanley said, and Austin laughed. 

  Steven shucked back in fear, he gazed over the rooftop and sniffed his gaze to Micheal who stretched his hand towards him. At that instant, he knew that he would be best for him to oblige, because they could really push him down the rooftop. 
*
*
FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Steven concluded his story, and Paulina stared aghast at him, speechlessly. 

    “Just like that?” She managed to say, and he nodded. 

   “I was a standin to the party, it seems like they already pull off some dare with Prince. Everything dovetailed for when Prince formed a squad with his friends, ‘Prince and the clowns’. Sliver was recently added to Mike’s circle, but Prince was aware that sliver would leave because Sliver was once closer to Prince. It’s all complicated, so Mike had to save face by using me as the stand in for Sliver was away. It was a mask party so all was cool. But another appearance was needed again for a magazine edition regarding famous teenagers that Austin signed up for, so I had to stand in again,” he concluded. 

    “Wow! So just like that you became a part of them?”

   “Yeah… Stanley made the proposition to make me a part of them till their friend return, but he never did. Turns out his parents relocated for good,”

    “But how could they choose you when they know nothing about you?”

    “That’s why they chose me, because they knew nothing about me. Stanley has been a genius in hacking, but he couldn’t find anything anything about me,”

   “Weren’t they worried that tiy might not fit in?” She inquired, and  he shook his head. 

    “We were in same class, and my tuition was cleared. I could also afford their standard, so they weren’t curious at all,” 

    “But how could you afford it all?”

    “You’re asking too many questions when you have secrets as well,”

    “What do you mean by that?”

   “There is something you aren’t telling Mike,” 

    “What?”

   “Why Ava hates you so much, and why you strike that deal with Mike to get rid of her,”

   “Isn’t that obvious?” 

   “We both know there is more to it. I won’t pry, so don’t ask too many questions as well,” he muttered, and she nodded. “You see, I just caught  you. So there is really something you are holding back!” He shouted, and she hits him playfully. 

    “You’re better off quiet!” She blurted. 

    “What do I do? I’m already fond of talking to you, so you’ve to get used to it,” 

    “Oh, gosh… it’s getting late, and my face is itching from this makeup,” she muttered, lying flat on the floor. 

  He brought out his handkerchief, and started wiping off her makeup. 

   “Stup it, it won’t help,” she quipped with a laugh, and he laughed as well. 
**
**
   STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Ms. Grace arrived home, and joined her husband in the bedroom. He always stay up late in his study so she could instantly guess why he was in the bedroom— he was there to start an argument about the engagement, because she didn’t inform him beforehand, knowing well that he would be against it. 

    “Honey, you missed out a lot at the party,” she said, and he nodded. 

   “I know. Ava told me. When do you plan on telling me? When you felt the time is right, or after  they walk down the aisle?” 

    “Honey, I would’ve inform you beforehand, but the timing was never right.”

    “Timing my foot!” He yelled, and she flinched. “What do you take me for? I know I allowed you and your father push me around like a pushover, but must you take it this far? Even my daughter… I can’t have a right to this important decision in her life!”

   “Honey, it’s not like that. The Russ and I discussed it the last time we met, but I didn’t make it official, I was going to inform you, I never knew they would announce it,” 

   “You could’ve tell me before now, but, no, you believe you have the upper hand and the final say, so you went when’d and had that conversation with them,”

   “It wasn’t an official conversation, it was a random topic that the Russ brought up, and I played along with it. I didn’t know they would make it official, I really mean it, Paul,”

    “You actually have no reasons to find excuses, so I’m sure you are being honest. Now, I want you to set it straight. I’ve no interest in being in-law with that greedy family, I don’t want my daughter to end up in a pathetic marriage like ours!” He blurted, before taking the exit. 
**
**
  Paulina and Steven left later at midnight, and he stopped a cab, and headed to the Stanford’s. 

   “I will be fine for real, you shouldn’t have followed me home,” she said, and he chuckled. 

   “We’re here anyways, see you on Monday,” he waved, and she smiled. 

   “Thanks for comforting me today, I’m really grateful,”

   “Then you owe me,” he winked, and she laughed. “Go in, it’s cold outside,” 

  “Alright, bye,” she waved, and went inside. 
*
  She got to her room, and laid flat on the bed thinking about everything that happened again. 

   “It’s a good thing I didn’t see Ava or dad as the party,” she thought, turning and tossing on her bed. “Mike and Ava really got me this time, I admit,@ she grumbled. 

  She took her phone and saw many missed calls and messages from Sophia. At a point she had to put her phone on silent to avoid the endless calls. 

   “Turns out Sophie and Sage are the only true people around me,” she muttered, reading the messages. 
**
**
  IN AN UNKNOWN ^^^
^
  Charlotte was already getting better, but she couldn’t recall her memories from the day she had the accident. She only remembered leaving home, and heading to the market, she couldn’t remember anything else. 

  She and Joy sat together in the garden playing cards when Louis joined them —he has been away since yesterday, he couldn’t return last night because he had a lot of wonk to do. 

    “Professor is back.” Joy said, and greeted loads before excusing herself. 

    “Louis,” Charlotte called, and he spread his arms for an embrace, she smiled, and walked into his embrace. 

    “I’ve missed you,” he whispered in her ear, and she let out a sigh. 

  He has been so good to her, but what she really  wants is to return home to her daughter. 
*
  They both went to seat, and she struggled trying to think of the best way to talk up her daughter without upsetting him. 

    “Your daughter is fine, Charlotte, but before telling you where she is, I’ll tell you how I found you instead,” he said, like he could read her mind. 

   “Where she is? Is Paulina not home?” 

   “I’ll explain everything to you. You’re already fine now, so we can travel as far as you want,”

   “Thank you, Louis,”

    “You weren’t a victim of the bus accident as everyone assumed,” he said. 

    “A bus accident?” She repeated, and he brought her a newspaper from his bag —newspaper articles about the accident.  

    “There was an accident that day, but you weren’t a victim of that bus accident, I believed the car you were in caused the accident,”

    “What do you mean by that?” 

   “I confined that the car you got in an accident in was an unlicensed car, and the driver has many criminal records, and he is even wanted, he escaped prison,” 

    “What?”

    “I believed whoever was behind the your accident helped that criminal escape prison,” 

    “Someone tried to klll me?”

    “I don’t know the details yet, that’s why I wanted you to recover before telling you, but you haven’t received the memory of the event that happened that day,”

   “And my daughter? How is Paulina?” She cried. 

  “She thought you were a victim of that accident, everyone thought the same. One of your valuable belongings was found with one of the victim, I think it’s your bracelet,” 

    “Oh, my bracelet, I remember now, a creditor seized it from me at the market that day, that why I couldn’t take the bus, I was hoping to earn more to be able to claim back my bracelet,”

   “So that was it, do you remember more?”

   “No, that’s all I could remember, but it rained that night,”

    “Don’t strain yourself too much, it’s bad for your health, you’ll gradually remember, you are still traumatized that’s why you can’t remember now. It’s temporary, I’m sure you will recover soon,” 

   “Where is Paulina now? She must be devastated and alone, thinking I’m gone,”

   “She would be devastated, yes. But she isn’t alone,”

   “Where is she?”

   “Promise me you won’t act rashly if I tell you,”

    “Just tell me, Louis, where is my daughter?” 

   “You haven’t promise,”

   “I promise,”

   “Say it like you mean it,”

   “Louis…” she cried 

   “Your tears can’t force the words out of my mouth,”

   “I promise, I won’t act rashly,”

   “I know they are mere words, but I would believe you,”

   “Where is my daughter?”

    “She is with Paul,” 

    “What?” She shouted, and stood up. 

   “Charlotte, you already promised me,”

    “Why would you take her to Paul? Paul doesn’t know about her existence,” 

    “I didn’t take her to him. Turn out Paul has also been on a lookout for you, and your daughter. I don’t know the details yet, but Grace visited your house after the accident,” 

   “I’ve to go get my daughter,”she said, and intend to leave but Louis held her back. 

    “I already assured you that ebi fine. I detailed someone to watch her, but I’m sure someone who care about her as much as you do is also watching after her,”

    “I don’t care, I’ve to get my daughter back,”

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

   “And then what? Return to your home with her? Where you almost got kllled? You can’t even remember the incident, Charlotte, and that’s the main problem. We don’t know who the enemies are,””

   “I don’t care, but I’ve to protect my daughter,”

   “You’ve to be able to protect yourself first, before you can protect her,”
    
    “Louis, I want to go to my babyyyyy…” she cried, and he embraced her. 

   “I’ll help you return to your daughter, Charlotte. But let’s wait for now, just until you’re fully recovered, until we know who the enemies are. Then, we will both go to Paul, and get your daughter back,” he said, and she broke down in tears. 

   “My babbbyyy…”. She cried, and he embraced her. 
**
**
 CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Ava tossed and turned on her bed until she finally got the strength to stand up. She took her phone, and saw a message from her grandfather.

  💬*You’ve two hours to get ready, the driver is coming to pick you up. Picnic with gramps.* the message reads, and she hissed aloud before putting her phone away. 

  She was already aware of what he wanted to discuss with her. The engagement was probably planned by him and her mother since her father was oblivious to it. 

  She went to freshen up and went out when the driver arrived, and met her mother by the main entrance. 

  She walked post her with no intention of exchanging words, but her mother dragged her back.  

   “Let me go, mum. I’ve nothing to say to you!” She blurted. 

   “Even if I plan to denounce the engagement?”

   “You won’t do that anyways, so don’t bother me, became I won’t accept it. You will have to tie me up to make me marry him,”

   “Why? What’s so wrong with him? He is the heir to the Russ family, so why did you disgust him that much?”

   “It’s late, mum. You should’ve asked me that before that announcement, so I won’t answer you,”

   “Ava, I was aware of your relationship with him,”

   “Then you should’ve known that we broke up as well, so you know why I broke up with him? You don’t care! All you care about is your political career, and the family’s best interest. I don’t care about either of that mum, so I won’t save your face,” with that she left. 

   “Ava…” Ms. Grace called after her but she ignored her, heading to the car that her grandfather sent to pick her up. 
**
**
   IN AN AMUSEMENT PARK^^^
^
  Mr. Packard welcomed Ava when she arrived, and he spread his arms for an embrace. She chuckled softly, and walked into his embrace. 

   “You always love amusement park when you were younger, that’s why I brought you here to reminisce old memories,” 

   “I don’t like amusement parks anymore,”

   “I know, because you’re so much like me. I also have no desire meaningless things anymore, and that’s how you should always be,” he said, and she nodded. “Your engagement…”

   “I won’t accept it, grandpa, even you can’t force me to,”

   “I’m not going to force you to accept it,” he said, and she looked at him. 

   “You can’t convince me either,”

    “Why do you disgust him that much?”

   “He is a piece of trash, he isn’t what everyone think he is,”

   “Is that your only reason?” He asked, and she looked at him. “I’m aware of it all, I know before I accepted the engagement,”

   “You knew?”

   “I know a lot of things, my child. More than you could imagine. Your mother didn’t tell me about the engagement before she proposed it, but she told me later and I accepted it, because it’s to our favor. The Russ needs us, and they will also help your mother’s election,”

   “I don’t care, grandpa,”

   “Do you know the kind of people you should have around? Those who you’re above, people who needs you, people who you can step over, that way, they will he scared to lose you. That’s why I approved your mother’s marriage to your father, and that’s how I made it this far. You should use what you got to attract people to be close to you, they would crawl on thier knees at your order,” 

    “Grandpa,” Ava called with brightened eyes.  

  “The Russ needs us more than we need them, and that brought them to our feet. If you’re with their son, you will control over the Russ, over him, and the entire family. Why? Because we are above them, and we know their secret. That is your weapon, my child. In life, having a weapon to use against others will give you the upper hand and upper hand,” he said, finally able to convince her. 

   “You’re the best, grandpa,” she beamed, and embraced him. 

   “This is my chance to get two birds with a stone. I’ll be able to get rid of Paulina, and also get Mike under my control. How come I didn’t think about this?” She thought, grinning widely. 
.
  TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  It’s about to go wilddddd…
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER THIRTY THREE.3️⃣ 3️⃣
.
 ❣️❣️Lackeys, not friends❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 IN AN UNKNOWN PLACE^^^
^
 Louis was busy working in his room when he heard the main gate crack open, he glanced out firm his window but saw nothing, so he went out to check up on Charlotte. It’s late at night, so he was sure that’s he should be fast asleep. 

 He placed a gentle knock on the door but got no response, so he assumed that she was asleep, so he opened the door gently, and went to her bedside. Charlotte was never the kind to cover her entire body while sleeping, so he pulled away the blanket from her face and saw a work of art, built with blankets in form of a human. 

   “Seriously, Charlotte!” He shouted, and took the note she left behind. 

  🗒️*As much as I want to keep my promise and wait till I recover before taking actions, I can’t. I’m sorry Louis, and Thabk you for everything.*

  He dropped the note, and ran out of the room. He drove out hurriedly heading to the bus by station, and saw told that the loading bus heading to the city left already. 

    “Charlotte, why are you doing this to me?” He grumbled, running his fingers through his hair. 
*
  Charlotte hid somewhere watching him from afar, she was unable to board the loading bus because she had to buy tickets. She took some cash from Louis wallet yesterday to get the bus ticket, so she was leaving with the next bus. 

  She watched him return to his car on the phone with Simeon before entering the bus. 

    “I’m sorry, Louis, I’m really sorry but my baby needs me more right now,” she cried. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
 The weekend fly by within a blink, and the students started arriving at school on Monday morning, talking about the party, and also the announced engagement. 
*
 Paulina alighted from her car, heading inside. She already made up her mind to avoid Micheal and his friends, and standup for herself no matter who she will be up against. Michael didn’t send her any message or call her the entire weekend, and she didn’t bother to think about it at all, because she was expecting it. 
*
  She was about to enter the building when she felt a large arm pulled her forcefully, and dragged her to a corner. 

   “Let me, let me go!” She shouted, and managed to free herself. 

    She looked at the person, and let out a sigh when she was it was Stanley. 

    “What do you want?” She lashed. 

   “A word,” he muttered. 

   “Why did you drag me that way just because you want a word with me?”

   “Became I know you won’t want to listen. You left our club group, so I’m sure you are probably sulking,”

    “Sucking? Sulk over what?” 

    “I don’t know much about Ava and Mike’s relationship, but everything Mike told you was true. Mike and Ava were in a relationship during first year, but they broke up and hate each other now,”

   “Why are you telling me this?”

   “Because I know you must’ve misunderstood the situation. Mike promised to get rid of Ava, then he was suddenly engaged to her. Believe me or not, but Mike never fo0led you, about Ava at least,”

   “So how will you explain the engagement?”

   “It must be his parents. Mike might been tough like he got it all, but he has no say in his parents decisions. They were the ones pulling the strings, he can’t make a decision of his own as long as they are involved. Until other kids, he never had a fun childhood, he has always been building himself to be a great chairman, as his parents wish. Nothing can change the fact that he is the heir, but he has been proving himself since he was younger. I’m sure he is somewhere sulking, and ashamed. He doesn’t know how to face you, because he has to explain all these, and he never show his weakness,”

    “Why are you telling me this?” She muttered, already calmed. 

   “Because Mike needs you, he is at his weakest  now, and I’m sure you can cheer him up,” he muttered, and Paulina sniffed in, before looking away.
*
  Lia, Alicia, and Rae sat together in class, as the entire class were talking about Ava’s engagement to Micheal. 

   “What now, girls? If she and Mike are back together with a tighter bond. We can’t afford staying distant from her,” Alicia said. 

    “Who cares? She has been too fo0l of herself since she returned. Bossing us around like she is a queen or something,” Rae sneered, rolling her eyes. 

   “Of course, she is!” Lia and Alicia chorused. 

   “Won’t you be proud if you are in her shoes? Her family own one of top three group in California, and one of the top twenty in the world. And now she is engaged to most handsome and wealthiest teenager,” Lia stated, and Alicia nodded in agreement. 

   “We shouldn’t have fought with her in the first place,” Alicia said in a whisper. 

   “What’s the point of being friends with her if she can’t see us as one? I don’t regret talking back at her,”

  “Of course, you can say that now, but what happens when she collide with the MASS to evict us from her sight?” Lia grumbled. 

   “We should make up with her, babes. It has been h£lish to be in the same club with her, I was even thinking of switching clubs,” Alicia exclaimed. 

   “Go make up with her if you want, but count me out. I had enough of her bltchy attitude,” 

    “Frankly speaking Rae, we were all aware of that snobbish behavior from the start, and we endured it through middle school, and up till now,” Lia point out. 

   “At least we all have mutual enemies then. Now, she is just hating on that parasite without a good reason,” Rae blurted. 

   “And you said it yourself, she is a parasite. You would act the same if you were in Ava’s shoes, and we would have start up for each other the same way,” Alicia said. 

   “The problem started because that little schooler got lucky to be favored by Mike, but now the table turned, and Ava is the queen again,” Lia said, and Alicia nodded along. 

   “Whatever! I don’t regard her as a friend anymore,” Rae said. 

   “Rae… let’s just make up with her once and for all. For all I care, we were once friends. The ALAR.” Lia remark. 

   “So tacky,@ Rae grumbled. 

   “Come on, Rae,” Alicia urged. 

   “I’m out. And you, Alicia, didn’t you sly us once because of that middle class guy that you like? Why are you suddenly acting like you cared about this friendship?” 

    “Rae…” Lia called. 

   “It’s true, Lia, she sly us once and you were determined to cut off ties with her. You personally removed her from our group chat so stop acting up,”

   “That makes us friends. We fight and get back together,” Alicia said. 

   “Go to her and see if she considers you guys as a friend, but count me out,” with that she directed her attention to her phone. 

   “What do we do, girl?” Alicia asked. 

   “Make up with Ava of course. It was all Rae’s fault that we had this misunderstanding in the first place,” Lia blurted, glaring at Rae who didn’t spare her a glance. 

   “You’re right, girl. Rae started everything in the first place,” Alicia added. 
*
  The teacher enter the class and they all divert their attention to the attention to the teacher. After the tiring lectures, the teacher left and Lia turned to Rae. 

    “Bae, we’re going to Ava now,” Lia said, looking at Rae who ignored them by plugging her headphones to her ear. 

    “Yes, we should,” Alicia added, and removed Rae’s headphones. 

   “I’m out, suit yourselves,” Rae blurted, and left the class. 

    “What do we do now?” Alicia grumbled. 

    “Rae is just being stubborn,” 

    “We should give her sometime,”

   “There is no time, bae. If Ava join hands with Mike, we will be her first target before that parasite. Let’s just go to Ava now, and wait for Rae to come around,” Lia said, and Alicia nodded. 

  They both went to Ava who chuckled at the sight of them. 

   “Hi, girl,” they both chimed cheered 

   “Congratulations on your engagement,” Lia added. 

    “You and are just meant to be. You both made a perfect couple before you broke up, and now you’re matched together by your parents like destiny,” Alicia remarked. 

   “I know, right? Destiny!” Lia giggled. 

    “Get lost!” Ava muttered, and they both exchanged glances before letting out a sigh. 

   “Bae, are you still mad at us? We already talk Rae out for you,” Lia said, making Ava, and Alicia looked at her. She winked at Alicia who smiled, and nodded along. 

   “Yes, it was all Rae’s fault, so we taught her a lesson for you. How can we be friends with a nuisance like her?” Alicia added, and Lia smiled in relief. 

   “You two should get lost, but ensure you are alert when I need you, but for now, the teacher own the ground,” Ava stated, and their face brightened up in excitement. 

   “Does that mean we are cool now?” Lia beamed. 

   “I’m so glad, Ava, now we are back to how we used to be,” Alicia giggled. 

    “Can we return to the suite now?” Lia asked grinning softly. 

    “Get lost!” Alicia muttered, and they laughed sarcastically before returning to their seats. 

  Ava snickered after they left, before diverting her attention to her phone. She already expected them to return after the news of her engagement circulate. She have no intention of being friends with them again after everything that conspire between them, but thinking back and following her grandfather’s advise, they were the best people to keep around, the lackey that would do anything she wanted. 

  “It’s all working out, and it’s best with Rae out,” she thought, and a wicked smile spread across her face. 
**
**
 CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION^^^
^
 Micheal tossed and turned on his bed fighting his nightmare to wake up 
*
*
 ◐ˍ◑ IN HIS NIGHTMARE◐ˍ◑
*
  Eight years old Mike ran as fast as his legs could carry him to escape the monster chasing him with a stick. He ran crying in agony, without looking at where he was heading, he was almost ran over by a car and he panicked and fainted in front of the car. Waking up with thoughts that he has escaped the monster, he looked around and saw surrounded by a ton of monster. 

   “Argghhh….”  He screamed, and jolted up from bed, panting heavily. 
**
  His alarm might fail to wake him up, but he his nightmare never failed. 

  He had a long day all through the weekend drinking himself away, after his last conversation with his father. He couldn’t think straight afterwards, so in order to stop himself from thinking about anything. He isolated himself for days, and had nothing but alcohol. 
*
 He left the bed weakly, and almost collapsed on the floor but a strong grip lifted him up, and he looked up to see Mr. Jones. 

   “Mr. Mike, why are you doing this to yourself?” Mr. Jones inquired worriedly, and Micheal smiled weakly. 

   “Am I not allowed to do this as well?” He growled. 

   “Sir, you’ve a meeting today after school, it can’t be adjourned,” 

   “That again?” He sneered. “But even with all that, I still need her!” He snapped, and Mr. Jones bowed. “I’ve to be at school anyways,” he muttered, and wobbled on his feet to the bathroom. 
*
  He prepared for school, and the chef served his breakfast. 

   “Take them back,” he muttered. 

    “Sir… you should at least have a bite,” one of the chefs said, and the others glanced at her discreetly before looking away. That was the first time a lowly chef would talk back at him. 

   “You must be new in my quarters,” he spluttered, and the chef cower.  

    “Mr. Mike, she is your personal dietary, and also a premium chef. She started working at the mansion few months ago, and madam detailed her to your service, after learning about your health,”

   “Mum did?” 

   “Yes, sir,” Mr. Jones replied, and Micheal smirked. 

    “You, look up,” he said, and the chef struggled before taking a peek at him, and instantly looked away. 

     “He asked you to look up!” Mr. Jones snapped, and Micheal gestured him to stop. 

   “It’s fine,” he spoke softly before leaving. 
*
 He got to school and many students gathered him asking bunch of questions, he was quite unlucky to arrive at school during recess. 

  He sighed heavily in despair, he has never been so adrift before, he just stood there hoping his friends come to his rescue. 

He closed his eyes, tearing for an escape when he felt someone held his hand. The students can throw questions, but none of them has the audacity to touch him. Only his friends and one other person, Paulina. 

  He opened his eyes, and his gaze met her beautiful eyes. 

   “Let’s go,” she muttered, and intertwined her fingers in his. 
**
**
  IN MRS. RUSS’OFFICE^^^
*
  Mrs. Russ was watching a video on her tablet —video of Paulina and Michael that recently happened.  She chuckled derisively, and put the phone away. 

 Her face brightened up, and looked at her secretary. 

    “Has the new chef resumed work at Micheal’s quarter?” She asked. 

    “Yes, ma’am. And it was reported that he had a conversation with her,”

    “Wow,”

    “Ma’am, if I may ask, why did you detailed her to work for him? He has more than enough staffs,”

    “You may not ask,” she growled, and he bowed his head. 

    “Pardon my blunder , ma’am,”

    “It seems like everything is falling in place,” she muttered, her face lifted, grinning widely. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Mike and Paulina 🤭
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER THIRTY FOUR.3️⃣4️⃣
.
     ❣️❣️What’s meant to be❣️❣️
. 
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
  Paulina has been lost in thought during classes, she kept thinking about Micheal and everything Stanley told her. A messaged beeped in her phone from Sage bringing her out of her thoughts, and she put the phone away. He has been sending a lot of messages, and called her all through the weekend, but she didn’t have the confidence to pick his calls or respond to his messages. She felt devastated, she was lost on how to explain the situation to him.

   She exhaled heavily, and glanced at the MASS empty seats. They mostly come late to class at times, and just slack behind in their suite. She couldn’t get many thoughts out of her mind, so she left the class with intention of going to thier suite to confront Micheal, ignoring the teacher in class. She has to confirm the validity of Stanley’s claims from him. 

She got to the hallway heading to the elevator, and Jessica, accompanied by one of her friends hurried to join her in the elevator. 

   “Hi,” Jessica said cheerfully. 

   “Hi,” she managed to wave with opposite energy. 

    “I was actually on my way to your class,” 

   “Then you shouldn’t have entered the elevator,”

    “Yeah, I shouldn’t have, but you’re the one I was going to meet,”

    “Me?”

   “I heard that you broke up with Mike after his engagement was announced. Some people saw you leaving the party with another man, I don’t blame you. I mean… anyone would do same,” 

    “Why did you want to see me?”

    “Oh, yeah,” she sneered, and swing her fingers. “I want to invite you to join my club. I’m aware that clubs aren’t recruiting new members, but I’m the leader, I pull the strings. You can’t possibly be in  same club with your unfaithful ex, so accept my proposal,” Jessica said, and stretched her hand for a shake. 

    “I’ll think about it,” she muttered, and Jessica dropped her hand with a jeer. 

    “Again? This is the second time you’re rejecting me. You won’t have a third chance. I really belihe that we will make a good team. I mean… on average I score 99.7% in maths, and others in the team are also 90% on average. You fit in perfectly,”

   “I told you before, I really have no interest in math. I study to pass my exams, and that’s all,”

    “You’ve till school dismisses to think about it. This is  the card to get access to our club room, see you after school,” Jessica said, and stopped the elevator at the next floor before leaving. 
*
  Paulina arrived at the MASS suite, and push the passcode in. She entered inside, and their face fell in disappointment, expect Steven who welcomed her with a smile. 

    “What are you doing here?!” Austin yelled, aiming at her but Stanley held him back. 

    “Where is Mike?” She asked. 

   “What do you care?” Austin blurted. 

   “He isn’t here, and we can’t reach him. I’m saved he might’ve isolated himself again, like last time. He is always that way when things aren’t going his way,” Stanley said. 

    “Why are you explaining to her? She left our group, remember?” 

    “When was he ever that way?” Paulina found herself asking. 

    “When he broke up with Ava, he was heartbroken m, and isolated himself for several days, I hope that isn’t the case,” Stanley said. 

    “Why are you explaining to her?”Austin snapped. 

   “Quit it Austin, we’re all worried about Mike here,” Stanley said, and Austin glared at Paulina. 

   “But she left our group, and she was with a some guy during the party. Yeah… it was Steven, why were you two together?” Austin blurted. 

    “Do you think Mike will come to school today? If he would, students will surround him to ask him questions, and history might end up repeating itself,” Stanley said worried. 

    “What do you mean by history repeating itself?” Paulina asked, already scared. 

    “I doubt if that will happen, he was heartbroken when Ava broke up with him, but he has no reason to be heartbroken now…”. Austin was saying, but he shook his head. “Yeah, you might be right,”

    “What’s going on?” Paulina inquired already restless. 

    “Mike doesn’t walk alone, he is always nervous  whenever he is alone, most especially when he is being asked questions,” Stanley muttered. 
*
  Paulina left later, and was returning back to class. It’s already recess break, and students so students started exiting their class, wandering around in group. 

  She received a message from Sophia, and she was took the elevator to the last floor, and met Sage waiting for her by the elevator. 

   “Did I do something wrong?” He snapped at her, starling her. 

  She looked at him, and shook her head. He nodded and spread his arms wide for her, she smiled softly, and walked into his embrace. 

    “I’m sorry, Sage,” she said in a soft whisper. 

    “It’s fine,” he muttered, patting her back. 

    “Hey, guys,” Sophia shouted joining them. 

  They break free from the embrace, and Sophia é embraced Paulina. 

   “Babe, how’ve you been?” She muttered, patting Paulina’s back gently. 

  They disengaged later, and Sophia cupped Paulina’s gave in her palm. 
    
   “It must’ve been really hard on you, but I’m sure he is going to suffer somehow for leaving you. What am I even saying, he is already suffering. Maby students have surrounded him by the hallway, and he is struggling to find his way. He is literally stranded there,”

    “How gan he be stranded?” Sage asked in disbelief. 

   “I don’t know. They were all bombarding him with questions about his engagement, and he was stranded there like an amateur,” 

    “How is that possible? What of his squad?” Sage asked. 

      “He was alone, I…-,” Sophia was saying, but she kept quiet when Paulina ran off. “Where is she running off to?” She exclaimed, and Sage ran after her. “Wait for me,” she should, and followed. 
*
 Paulina ran down the hallway after Sophia shocking news about Micheal. She remembered what Stanley told her earlier about Micheal. She ran as her legs could carry her ignoring sage and Sophia who were calling her. She got to the crowd, and started forcing her way to where he was until she got to where he was, and held his hand. 

 He looked at her immediately hand touched his, with yearning eyes, hoping for an escape. 

      “Let’s go,” she muttered, and intertwined her fingers in his. 

  He nodded softly, and embraced her, to everyone surprise. 

   Austin, Stanley, and Steven who just arrived froze on their feet, and the students started taking pictures and videos with their phone. 

    “Thank you, thank you,  you can all return to your class now,” Austin shouted, clapping his hands, and everyone started to dismiss. 

   Everyone left, and Micheal didn’t disentangled himself from Paulina until Austin tapped him. 

    “Man, let’s go, they are all gone,” Stanley said patting Micheal’s back. 

  Michael released Paulina, and nodded his head like a child. Paulina was surprised to see the superior Micheal that way. That was the first time she saw that part in him. He looked just like every other teenager, and once again, he reminded her of her childhood friend. The way he pout his lips, and nodded obediently, reminded her of her bold, yet timid friend. 
**
**
 Sage stomped off to his car in frustration, the earlier scene replayed in his head, and he hit his car steering wheel angrily. 

    “Sage, are you leaving already?” Sophia asked, knocking ok the window, and he whined down for her. “Can we talk for a minute?” She asked, and he nodded. 
*
  She entered the car, and she held his hand staring directly at him. 

    “Don’t be mad at Lina, at times we can’t control the heart,”
     
   “Are you trying to justify her relationship with Mike?” He asked, and she shook her head. 

    “I know you have good intentions, I know your feelings for Lina are genuine, and I’m sure she is aware as well, that’s why she is always filled with guilt whenever she was with you. I might not know much, but I believe that what’s meant to be will always be. My parents were childhood friends before they got married, just like me, my mother only wants to associate with more influential people so they dated different people from various classes, but they eventually discovered their feelings for each other, and got married. My maternal grandparents were totally against thier relationship, because they planned to arrange my mother with a more influential man. My father was  just starting up then, he was from an humble family and my maternal family were well-off. They managed to be friends because they grew up in same neighborhood, and my maternal family were the wealthiest in the neighborhood. My parents broke up eventually, and my mother was forced to marry her betrothed, with that they both went their separate ways. My mother wasn’t happy in the marriage, so she divorced her first husband. Dad was also doing fine on his own, and they eventually met again and got married afterwards,”  she concluded all smiles, and Sage smiled too. 

    “Your parents has quite the story, I wish to meet them someday,”

   “They actually don’t look their story,” she said, and he chuckled. 

   “Is this your way of telling me to give up on Lina?”
    
   “No, this is my way of encouraging you not to give up. Even though my mother got married to another man, my father encouraged her through the process, he assured her that he will always be her friend, but he left eventually due to personal reasons. You can show affection in maby ways, Sage. You shouldn’t try to separate her from her from Mike whom she already grew fond of all in the name of protecting her,”

   “But I already stop. I’m not angry about that anymore,”

   “But you’re angry at yourself instead,”

   “Why do you sound like my mum?” He asked, and she chuckled. 

   “Did I sound like an old geezer?”

  “Old geezer? You can’t call my mum that.”

   “Actually, mums aren’t old geezers anymore, i believe all mums are youngsters like my mum,”
    
    “I fully agree with you. Thanks a lot, Sophie, your words really meant a lot to me,”

   “Then set a blind date for me if you’re grateful,”

   “I can’t believe we are on this again,” Sage grumbled. 

   “Come on, Sage,” she whined, tickling him. 

    “That’s enough, that’s enough! Fine, I will,” he surrendered, and they both laughed. 

    “You promised, ok,”

    “Yeah, I believe what will be will be,” he said, and she pouted her lips again.

   “That doesn’t fit here,” she shouted, and started tickling him again. 
**
**
  The MASS went to thier suite with Paulina in silence, they all remained that way until Austin broke the silence. 

   “Guys, in for some games?” Austin asked, but no one responded. 

   “I’ve to go to class,” Paulina said, and stood up to leave but Micheal dragged her back, making her sit next to him. 

   “Yes, I agree with you, Austin, we shouod go play some games,” Stanley said, dragging Austin to get up,”

    “Ok, let’s go, Mike,” Austin said. 

    “No, leave Mike out. Let’s go. Steve, let’s go,” Stanley said, wrapping his hand around Steven’s shoulder. 

    “Why? Let’s go with Mike, the game would cheer him up,” Austin object. 

   “Can’t you read the room?” Stanley grumbled, and grabbed Austin’s hand, dragged him away. 

   “Hey, why are you dragging me away?” Austin shouted, as Stanley dragged him to the game room. 
*
  Paulina released her hand gently from Micheal’s grip, and he stared at her emotionless. 

    “Mike, are you ok?”

   “Why? You were mad at me, you even left our club group, so why did you rescue me?” He muttered, his voice soft but audible. 

   “Because you’ve showed up to my rescue  countless times as well,”

   “And?”

   “Because I believe you,” she said, and his eyes beamed. 

   “You believe me?” He asked, and she nodded. 

    “Yes, I do. I believe everything now. Our common goal to get rid of Ava, and I also believed that you didn’t collide with Ava to lure me to the party, I believe everything now, Mike,”

    “So you trust me now?” He asked, and she smiled. 

   “Yes, I trust you,” she muttered, and he embraced her. 

   “Thank you, Lina,” he muttered, and she patted his back gently. 

  After they released from the embrace, Paulina summoned the others, and they proceeded to their club activities. 

   “What’s this? Isn’t this for the math club?” Austin asked, picking up the card that fell from Paulina’s bag. 

    “Yes, Jessica gave it to me,” 

   “Why is that girl so persistent?” Austin asked, and Stanley collected the card. 

   “Are you going to accept it?” Micheal asked, and Paulina shook her head. 

    “I’ve no interest whatsoever in math. I struggle to pass my exams, so getting in a competition…. Gosh, it gives me the creep,” she grumbled, and they all laughed. 

    “We’re the same, I also struggle during math,” Austin said. 

   “That’s rich coming from someone who never made an effort. Zero points in math is nothing to be proud of,” 

    “Say that again, Stan, Austin really needs to improve,” Micheal said, proudly. 

    “Shut it, you. You’re so proud of that five points you got,” Stanley blurted, and the others grumbled. 

    “How did you guys became friends when you are nothing alike?” Paulina asked, and they all chuckled. 

   “Stanley and Austin tried to bully me in elementary school,” Micheal said, and Paulina gaped. 

   “You don’t mean it,”

   “Come on, I thought we were over it,” Austin grumbled. 

   “Why did you tried to bully him?” Paulina asked, looking at Stanley. 

   “It wasn’t me, it was all Austin’s idea,”

    “What? Are you trying to put it all on me again?”

   “But it’s the truth,” Stanley blurted. 

   “Hey!” Austin snapped. 

   “Mike, you ended up being friends with those who wanted to bully you,” Paulina said, in amazement. 

   “It was a long time ago,” he muttered, and narrated the story to her. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK to when Micheal was in elementary school.***
*
*
  Micheal sat alone behind a window at school during recess, his only friend has been forcefully transferred from school so he has be alone with no intention of making new friends, to avoid history repeating itself. 

  He didn’t see Austin and Stanley walking up his way until Austin busted out. 

    “Hey, look up!” Austin snapped, and he looked up in fear —they were students from another class who always bullied his friend even before Micheal  enrolled in the school. He had intention of confronting them, but they’ve been on a low till his friend transferred. 

   “What?” He grumbled, and Austin smirked. 

  “Do you care for new friends? You look bored,” Austin said, intending to hit his head but Micheal held it halfway, startling them. 

    “How dare you touch me? Who do you think you  are?” Austin snapped. 

   “I’m Micheal… Micheal Russ,” Micheal said, and stood up. 

   “Who cares?” Austin blurted. 

  “Micheal Russ? The heir to Russ Group, you’re the only son of chairman Russ who just returned from Australia?” Stanley asked, and Austin looked at him. 

   “What are you saying, Stan? Do you know him?” Austin asked. 

   “We’re in trouble, he is the heir of Russ Group,” Stanley said. 

    “You don’t mean it,” Austin gasped, and Micheal chuckled. 

    “Do you still wanna be friends with me? Because I’m actually bored,” Micheal sneered, and Austin fall to his feet immediately, dragging Stanley along. 

    “I’ll do anything for you!” Austin shouted, and bowed. 

  Micheal was stunned by thier reactions, but he composed himself and act along. 

  He bent low to thier level, patting Austin’s head. 

   “Then let’s get along,” he muttered, and they both looked at him. 
     
   “Yeah, let’s get along!” Austin hollered, and Stanley exhaled in relief. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS^^^
^
  Micheal concluded his story, and Paulina couldn’t control her laughters. 

    “I can’t believe they really tried to bully you,” she said, still laughing. 

   “That’s not really called bullying…” Austin shuffled. 

   “I totally agree!” Paulina teased. “So, how did you and Stanley became friends?” 

    “You see Austin here is too persistent. It was a new school year, and we happened to be in the same class. He has heard a lot about me being a genius, so he ensured that we were seat mates, he was too clingy. My old friends cut ties with me because of him, he appears everywhere I go. He said it would be a fortune for him to have a genie as a friend, you can’t believe this nutcase called me genie. He always foot me in class, and we work on our assignments together, I mean,I do his assignments for him. He is a lazy a$$!” Stanley rants, and Austin hit his head. “Hey!” He shouted, and hit him back, with that they both started running around together, trying to hit each other. 

    “Aren’t you curious about Steven?” Micheal asked, and Steven looked at them.  

   Paulina smiled and shock her head. “I’m not,” she muttered. 

   “Why?” 

   “Steven told me,”

   “What? Steven did? When did you two became so close?”

   “We are closer than you can imagine,” Paulina said, and chopped knuckle with Steven who smiled. 

    “Oh… I see,” Micheal exclaimed. 
**
**
   IN THE BUS STATION^^^
^
 Charlotte alighted from the bus when she saw a familiar face, she has been in the city for some days but she was unable to locate Paulina. She went to First Group headquarters, but all efforts of seeing Paul prove abortive as well. The security didn’t her into his estate, and she needs an appointment to meet him at the office. She tried to visit Grace campaign, but thought against it. 

 The familiar face from the bus looks like her father, but unlike the father she knew, he looked ragged and unkept, but her vision was clear enough for her to recognize him. 

  She searched everywhere for him but couldn’t find him again, she was already giving up when she saw Paulina alighted from a car. 

   “Paulina,” she called but before Paulina could see her, a large arm pulled her into a vehicle, and drove off before she could call for help. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Charlotte 😳
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER THIRTY FIVE.3️⃣5️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️His ex, his fiancee ❣️❣️
. 
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
.*
 Louis hired a private investigator to search for Charlotte in the city after she left, and they got back to him almost immediately with her location in a motel, and packed his bags ready to leave for the city. 

 He has been keeping her safe all these while, that’s why he has been traveling between the city and the countryside everyday which is always inconvenient but that was the only way he could protect her. Now that things has went astray, going to the city and facing the battle together seems like the right option. He paid Joy a huge sum as severance pay before leaving for the city. 
*
  He arrived at his house, and his maid, Ms. Bella welcomed him in. 

   “Welcome, sir. You came with your bags, does that mean you are back for good?” She asked,  delightfully. 

   “Yes, ma’am,” he teased, and she giggled. 

  She has been working with him since he returned to California, he grew fond of her because she ask too many questions, and he respects her equally as an elderly woman. 
.
   “The house has been really lonely since Mr. Ethan left. When will he be back, he was always indoor, but he suddenly  left without  a word, and never returned,” she said, and he exhaled heavily. 

    “I’m sure he will return soon, he probably needs some time to himself, to protect what he needs to,” he muttered. 

   “I hope he returns soon. He has always been so quite that I’m always worried about him. I wonder how he is doing now,” she muttered, and Louis let out a sigh.
*
  He left his house the following day and headed to the location where he was told Charlotte was, he waited outside the motel till she came out, and he let out a sigh of relief. 

    “I want you to keep an eye on her,” he instructed his driver. 

     “Yes, sir,” 

   “Ensure you keep me updated about her location every time,“ 

     “Yes, sir,”

    “Let’s see what you’re up to, Charlotte,” he muttered between his breath. 
*
  He board a cab to the hospital he works, and the driver tailed Charlotte. 
*
  He arrived at the hospital, and the chairman  summoned him. 

    “Professor,” the chairman called, and extend his hand for a shake. 

    “Good morning, sir, and feel free to call me Louis, you’ve been a father figure to me since I was a child,”

    “Yes, and I’m glad you choose to work in my hospital, I made a right decision by putting you in charge of the VIP’s ward,” 

   “I’m just doing my job, sir, working here is just temporary, sir, but I’m glad to be able to save more lives here,”

    “Louis, how about accepting my offer to work here? I know it’s not worth you inheriting your family’s hospital, but your father told me you refuse to inherit it. Join me, and save more lives here, and if you’re interested, I can arrange you with my youngest daughter, my children aren’t interested in medical feild, they got bad grades anyways and they are all living thier own lives, so accept my proposal, my youngest daughter will graduate from college this year, I’ll arrange your marriage to her and give all my shares to you,” the chairman offered, and Louis chuckled. 

   “Thanks for your proposal…” 

   “But you won’t accept it, right?”

   “I’m going to leave the hospital soon, I’m going to return and accept my father’s offer, it’s my birthright so why would I run away from it. I have some things to finish here, afterwards, I’ll return,”

   “You can still accept my proposal, you’re getting old, you need a fine woman to settle with. My daughter is young and beautiful, she would bore you beautiful children,” 

   “I know, and I’m sure her husband would be lucky,”

   “Let me guess, you already found a woman,” he said, and Louis smiled. 

   “You’re very fast for your age, sir,” Louis muttered, and they both laughed. 

   “I’m not that old, 60  is the new 40 now, haven’t you heard?” He said, and they both laughed. 
*
 The following day, he was in his office, he just finished a conference when his driver updated him on Charlotte’s current location, and left immediately when he confirmed that he took the bus. He got to where his driver was, and entered the vehicle when he got to the bus station. He couldn’t control himself when he saw her about do call Paulina, he got off the vehicle  immediately, and pulled her into the vehicle. 

  Charlotte gasped when she saw Louis in the vehicle, and she let out a sigh of relief. 

   “I’m sorry, I scared you,” 

   “I just saw my daughter,”

   “And what do you plan? Go to her and return to the countryside?”
    
     “What else can I do? My daughter should know that I’m alive, and we should return to how things were  before,”

   “Do you think that is possible?”   

   “Then what do you expect me to do?” She cried. 

   “I told you to trust me, I asked you to wait!” He blurted.

   “Paulina was right here…” she muttered in a soft sober. 

   “And she is doing just fine. I assured you that’s she was fine. Grace is more concerned about her election, so she has no interest in your daughter’s life. Showing yourself now will cause an outburst, you will be a threat to Grace election, and we aren’t ready for that fight,”

    “I don’t care!”
    
    “Even though you don’t care about yourself, your daughter is innocent. She is a young teenager in her prime, she is still trying to build her life, don’t make her journey complicated,”

   “So what do you want me to do? I’m losing my mind here!” She yelled in tears, and he embraced her to cry on his chest. 
*
  They arrived at his house, and Ms. Bella welcomed them warmly. 

   “Your house is beautiful,” she complimented, and he laughed. 

    “I know. I’ve a thing for beautiful things,”

    “Louis, what should we do now? I mean… what’s the plan for me to get daughter from Paul?”

    “Charlotte, there is someone you’ve to meet first,”

   “Who?”
    
    “Your father,”

    “My father? You know where he is?”

    “When I returned, I got news on your father’s case, so I handed it over to the best law firm, and he has been in my care since he was released, until I found out you were alive, and he left the house afterwards when he heard about Paulina, I don’t know where he is presently, but I’ll find him. I’m sure he is somewhere around, watching Paulina from afar,”

    “I saw him, I saw him before I alighted from the bus, I was searching for him in the crowd when I saw Paulina,”

    “You’ve to talk to your father, Charlotte. Meet him first before you act rashly. He has been living under his shadow when he heard about your suiclde news, but he left after hearing that you were alive, and Paulina’s existence,” 

    “I want to meet him, I want to meet my father,” she cried, and he embraced her. 

    “Such a beautiful couple,” Ms. Bella said, watching them from afar. 
**
**
   CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Paul was working in his study when he heard a knock on the door, before he could utter a response, the door opened and Ava walked in. 

  He was upset before thinking it was Grace, but his expression changed when he saw Ava instead. 

    “Dad, are you busy?” She asked, and he smiled. 

    “Never for you,”

    “Thank you, dad. I was hoping if you could join mum and I in the dinning hall, it’s been a while since we had a meal together,”

    “Sure, I’m glad you want to have dinner with us. I hope everything is fine at school,”

    “Dad… is it bad to have dinner with mh parents?”

   “Nope, I was just wondering why you suddenly wanted it,”

   “Dad, there was a time I had sleepless night waiting for you to come home so we could have dinner together,”

    “Yeah, you were young and cute back then, but now I bet you just want your own space. It’s kits teenage hold, when I was a teenager I prefer hanging out with my friends than being with family,”

    “I’ve missed you, dad,” she said, and he smiled. 

    “I also missed my cute daughter,” he said, and they both smiled. 
*
  Paul joined her in the dinning hall after he freshened up, there he met Paulina, and Grace joined them almost immediately. 

    “Ava,  it’s impressive that you want to have a meal with us, you even invited Paulina,” Grace said, pulling out a seat.  

   “I want us to have a meal as a family, mum. We’re families after all,”
    
    “Families?” Paulina muttered loud enough for them to hear, and they all looked at her. 

    “Paulina, I know I’m suddenly acting indifferent when I hate yoy so much, this changes nothing, I still hate you, but that doesn’t mean we aren’t family. I just want us to have a meal together that’s all,”

  The chefs served their food, and Paulina pushed the peanut butter away from her side. 

    “Are you also allergic to peanut?” Paul asked, and she nodded. “Your mother is also allergic to peanuts. She is the first person I knew that had an allergic reaction,” he said, and Grace cleared her throat loudly. 

    “Ava, what’s your take about the engagement?” Grace asked, and they all looked at her. 

    “Grace, we already talked about this, I’m not gonna approve that engagement,” Paul said. 

   “Dad, why?” Ava asked. 

   “What do you mean by that? You clearly don’t want it,”

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

   “That was then, Mike and I already talked things out, and now I want to publicly announce the engagement,” Ava said, and they all looked at her including Paulina who suddenly stopped eating. 

    “Ava, you don’t mean it,” Grace said. 

    “Mike and I were together before I went to England, I broke up with him because we had some misunderstandings which made us hate each other, but we already made up,” 

    “You don’t mean it, Ava,” Grace said. 

    “Did he also want the engagement?” Paul asked. 

   “He proposed the idea to his parents. He didn’t move on after we broke up, he cried on his knees for me to accept him back, but I flee to England. Instead. That’s why he loathe me for no reason, he tried to get back at me by being mean. Dad, I want the engagement now, so please… give us your blessings,”she pleaded, and he nodded. 

    “Since you both want it, I’ll support you with everything I can,” 

    “Thank you, dad. You’re the best,” she said, and Grace smiled. 

   “I’m glad to hear this, Ava. I’ll get the right press to make the engagement public,”

    “No you shouldn’t do that,” Paul said, and they both looked at him. 

   “Why? Ava wants it,”

   “Ava, take your time to think about it first. You’re still in high school, you don’t have to rush anything,”

   “Alright, dad,” 
*
  Paulina returned to her room and sent a message to Steven who replied immediately. 
  💬 Her: Did Mike really cried on his knees when Ava broke up with him?*
  💬Him: Yes, he did. He loved her so much and even isolated himself for a long time because of it. We thought he was going to be depressed, so Austin  referred him to a therapist,* he replied, and Paulina gasped. 

    “So he loved her that much?” She thought, and texted back. 

  💬Her: *He loved her that much,*
  💬Him: *She was his first. He has always been busy with work that he never had time to date, but everything changed with Ava. He found time for her in his tight schedule, and court her for a while before she accepted him, but she eventually broke up with him leaving him broken,”
  💬*Her: *Why did they broke up?*
  💬 Him: *I don’t know. She lost Mike that she couldn’t be with a piece of trash, that was it, and left later. Why are you suddenly curious?*
  💬Her: *No reason* with that, she dropped her phone. 

    “Shouod I’ve trusted Mike?” She thought, and laid flat om her bed. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION^^^
^
  Micheal was working on his computer when he received a message from his secretary, informing him that his presence is needed in the main dinning hall. 

  He let out a sigh before going to freshen up wondering what his parents wanted to discuss this time. 
*
  He joined them in the dinning hall later, and they started talking about the engagement. 

   “The Stanford’s wants us to publicize the engagement,” Mr. Russ said, and Michael suddenly stopped eating. 

   “You don’t mean it, honey,” Mrs. Russ sneered, and Mr. Russ nodded all smiles. 

    “Congratulations, Mike, everything is falling in place. Once the Stanford’s accept the engagement, we will ensure you get married immediately after you graduate from high school,” Mr. Russ said. 

    “I never said I wanted it!” Micheal blurted, and they all looked at him. 

   “What did you just say?” Mr. Russ lashed, and Mrs. Russ tried to hide in laughters. 

  “I don’t want it, dad. I don’t want the engagement,”

    “Are you nut?”

   “You can’t force me,”

   “Then resign, if you don’t want to take responsibility, you have to resign,”

   “If my resignation is what it takes to end the engagement, then I quit!” He blurted, and his parents gasped. 

  The chef who was there to serve them extra sided dishes froze on her feet, and the tray with her fell off. 

    “I’m sorry, sir, I’m sorry, ma’am,” she shuddered, and bent down to clean the mess. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Hmmmm…
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER THIRTY SIX.3️⃣6️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️His confession ❣️❣️
. 
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
.*
*
  LOUIS’S HOUSE ^^^
^
  Charlotte woke up the following morning welcomed by an inviting smell, she instantly knew that Louis was preparing breakfast. 

  She smiled cheerfully, and went to freshen up before going to the dinning room, there he and Ms. Bella were setting the table for breakfast. 

   “Good morning,” she greeted, and they both smiled at her. 

   “Charlotte, I hope you slept well?” Louis asked

   “She obviously did, look at her smiling so bright early in the morning,” Ms. Bella was quick to say, and they both laughed. 

    “Ms. Bella, you’re too chatty this morning,” Louis teased. 

   “I’ve always been like this, but you were always too busy to notice. I’m glad that Ms. Charlotte is here now, that way I’ll see you smile often,” Ms. Bella said, and Louis chuckled. “Ms. Charlotte, please take your seat,” she added, pulling seat out for Charlotte. 

    “Charlotte, I’ll be back early, I wish I could have breakfast with you but I’ve something to attend to at the hospital. Enjoy your breakfast, and song act rashly,” he said, and she smiled. 

    “I’ll await your return,” she muttered, and he kissed her forehead before hurrying out. 

    “What a gentleman,” Ms. Bella flattered. 

    “Louis has always been that way, I’m not even surprised,”

    “You’ve known him for so long?”
   
   “Yes, since I was a child. Although we separated, and recently came back together,” 

    “Oh… I’ve also been working for him for few years, but I never see him smile this brightly. He is always returning Ka the from work, and heading out early. But everything changed when he brought Mr. Ethan over, gosh… the house-…” she was saying, but Charlotte cut in. 

   “-…Mr. Ethan? My father?” Charlotte said, and Ms. Bella’s gasped. 

    “That’s man was your father?”
    
    “Yes. How was he when he lived here?”

   “Goodness… that man was always living under his own shadow like he was trying to repent from his sins. He never opened his windows nor his doors, he stays locked up in his dark room that I wonder how he survives Mr. Louis had a tough time holding up, he had to stock his room with junk food, desserts, canned food, and so many. But one day, he stepped out of his room, and I was glad that he could  see the morning sun for the first time in ages, but that was the last time I saw him. He never returned, and Mr. Louis doesn’t know his whereabouts either. At times I wonder how he is doing,  that man needed help,” she said, and Charlotte sniffed in. “Oh my gosh. I’ve forgotten that you said he is your father, I hope I didn’t upset you,”

    “It was all my fault,” Charlotte muttered in tears. 

   “Oh my God, what have I done?” Ms. Bella thought, thinking of the best way to comfort Charlotte who was in tears. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Paulina got to school the following day, and Steven approached her, wrapping his arm  around her shoulder. 

   “Hi, Lina,” 

   “Hi,”

  “Are you ok?”

  “Steve, do you think Mike is lying to us? I’ve reed a few novels, and most couples hate each other after they breakup be die they still want each other. Do you think he is happy about the engagement?” 

   “Why is that bothering you?”
    
   “If Mike and Ava are together, then what will happen to me? What is they bully me together? I’m barely holding up against Ava thanks of Mike’s help, so how I’m go…-“, she was saying, but Micheal cut in joining them. 

    “…-that’s not going to happen!” He blurted, and they both looked at him. 

    “Mike…”. She shuddered, and he embraced her. “Ava and I won’t be together, that’s not gonna happen, so stop assuming things,” he assured. 

   “What’s going on here?” Austin asked, joining them, and they disengaged immediately. 

    “Wassup, man,” Stanley asked, approaching them. 

    “Wow, we all came early today,” Austin said. 

    “Is that someone to be celebrated?” Stanley teased. 

   “Shouod we skip the first class to go bunking?” Austin asked , winking at them. 

   “Is that your way to celebrate coming early?” Stanley teased, and they all laughed. 
**
**
  Ava arrived at school and summoned her friends to her suite before giving Lia a drafted letter. 

  “What’s this?” Lia asked, looking perplexed. 

 “A new news article,” Ava said, and they both looked at her. 

   “Again?” Alicia asked. 

   “I’m sorry, babe, but I get to do this. I was quarreled the last time, and what’s this story even about?” Lia said, reading the story. 

   “Oh my, it’s about, Mike. Did he really accept the engagement?” Alicia puzzled. 

   “I want you to inform the whole story that Mike and I accepted the engagement, and we will be getting married after high school. It’s relevant to school news, and it’s accurate. The engagement was announced  during the school party, so who will quarrel you for that,” Ava said. 

   “O. M. G, babe. But is it true? Did Mike really accept the engagement? I mean… are you two really back together like old days?” Alicia wondered aloud. 

   “You can read, don’t make me repeat words!” Ava blurted. 

   “I’ll publish this, but I’ll have to interviews Mike first,” Lia said. 

   “Why do you have to interview him?” Ava queried. 

  “Because that’s the procedure. That’s how it’s done,”

    “I agree with Lia, she needs Mike’s consent to publish an article about him. It things goes south, it would be bad for  her,” Alicia said. 

   “If what’s written here is true, then interviewing Mike will add some vest to the story,” Lia said, and Alicia nodded along. 

   “So, are you calling me a liar?!” Ava blurted. 

  “Not that, babe, but this is Mike, the director of the school…” Lia shuddered. 

   “And I’m?” Ava lashed. “A liar?” She added, and Lia shook her head. 

  “I’ll publish it if it’s real, but… if things go astray, would you be held responsible?” Lia asked, and Ava smiled. 

   “I doubt that, but I’ll take full responsibility,”

  “Can I add to the article that I got the informations from you?” Lia asked, and Ava hired at her. 

  Alicia let out a sigh, and winked at Lia. “Babe, what are you saying? Ava promised to take responsibility for the outcome, and there is no way Ava would lie about this,” 

   “Add it!” Ava blurted, and they both looked at her. 

  “Add what?” Lia asked, and Ava smirked. 

 “That you got the information from me, add it,” she said, and Lia smiled in relief. 

   “Thanks babe, I’ll get the article done before school dismisses,” Lia said, and Alicia giggled. 

  “This is gonna be so much fun,” Alicia sneered, and Lia giggled. 

  “I can’t wait!” They both cheered. 
**
**
  Louis left the hospital immediately after attending to his patients, he got a call from his driver updating him on Mr. Ethan (Charlotte’s father) location. He asked the driver to search for him in the bus station, after Charlotte confirmed to have seen him there. His current location was also around the bus station, so he headed there. 
*
  He got to the location, and he was looking around when a little boy bumped into him. A plastic bag off of the little boy hand, but the boy didn’t bother to take it and picked to his heels. 

   Louis ignored him, and continue on his ways, and encountered a chaos. He called the driver to confirm where Mr. Ethan really was, and the walked up to him. 

   “Sir, there seems to be a ruckus, that vendor assumed Mr. Ethan of theft,”

   “Theft? What was he accused of stealing?”  

  “I didn’t get the full details, but whatever it was must be what she is selling,” 

  Louis went closer, and saw the ragged man (Charlotte father) being bullied, he interfered, and confirmed the missing item was the same thing that fell off from the little boy’s hand. 

    “I think someone else took it,” Louis defended. Before the vendor could protest, another man showed up with the plastic bag, the same plastic bag that fell off the little boy’s hand. 

  The ragged man was freed to go, and Louis lead him to his car. 

  “Mr. Ethan, I hope you’re fine?” 

   “Thanks for your intervention,“ Mr. Ethan muttered. 

   “You could have avoided the situation, sir,”

   “I’m used to being accused,”

  “You don’t have to live this way, sir,” 

  “What’s the point in living when I can’t even save my daughter or show myself to my granddaughter,”

   “Charlotte is awake,”Louis said, and Mr. Ethan looked at him. “And she is in the city,” he added. 

   “Charlotte is here?” 

   “She is waiting for you, sir,” Louis muttered, and tears slid down from Mr. Ethan’s face. 
**
**
  LOUIS’S HOUSE^^^
^
  Charlotte was gardening in company of Ms. Bella, she was engrossed in what she was doing that she didn’t hear Louis drive in. 

   “Hun, Mr. Ethan,” Ms. Bella spoke in awe. 

   “Da…dddy…” Charlotte shuddered, and tears floor freely from her eyes. “Daddy,” she cried, and ran unto his embrace. 

  Seeing her father that way really broke her heart, he was the opposite of the father she always knew, seeing him that way made her wonder how long he has been suffering, and blaming himself for everything. 
*
  They went inside together, and Louis excused them.  

 “What really happened, Charlotte? “ 

  “I’m really sorry, dad, I abandoned you in jail and thought only about myself,”

   “What really happened?” 

   “Dad, I’m sorry. I was only thinking about myself,” she broke down, sharing her despair —the story that lead to her sulcide. 
  
  “I’m sorry, Charlotte, I couldn’t protect you,” 

   “No, dad, there’s was nothing you could do to protect you,”

   “What kind of a father am I?”

   “You are the best father that I ever knew. That’s  the kind of father you are,” 

    “How could you be hidden all these years?”

    “I was given a new life when grandma rescued me, she lost her only daughter in the ocean, and have been waiting for years when some fishermen found me in the ocean, and she insisted that I was her missing daughter Paulina. She suffered from dementia so she insisted that I was her lost daughter. I found any purpose to live, and lived as her daughter for few months before she passed sway, and after I gave birth to my daughter, I named her Paulina, because that’s all I knew about gramma,”

   “Charlotte, I’m glad that you’re fine, I’m really glad,” he muttered in tears. 

   “Daddy, we just need to get Paulina back, and live happily together,”

   “You want to get Paulina from her father?”

  “Paul isn’t her father, he can’t be a father to my child,”

  “There is something you’ve to know, Charlotte,”
   
   “What?”
   
   “It’s about the Packard’s,”

  “What’s it, dad?” Charlotte asked, her curiosity piqued. 

   “The Packard’s are behind everything, I never  had anything to do with them, so I don’t know their motive, but everything is clear now, the funny politician probably did it to get you out of the way,”

   “I don’t understand you, dad,”

  “When I was in prison, Don paid me a visits and confessed to me. Mr. Packard threatened him, and made him excuse us to the prosecutors,” 

   “Grace’s father cleared us out of the way for Paul to marry him daughter?”

   “We could put it that way. I’m sure they might. W behind the recent accident that you were involved in,” he remarked, and Charlotte stood up immediately. 

   “I’ve to go,dad,”

   “Where to?”

   “If Grace was really behind everything, my daughter isn’t safe, I’ve to get Paulina now,” she said, and her father held her back. 

   “Don’t be impulsive, you will only put yourself and your daughter in danger,” 

   “Then what do you want me to do, dad?” She sobbed, and he shook his head helplessly. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
   Paulina and the MASS were together in the MASS suite after school, chattering about random stuffs when Paulina carried her bag to leave. 

   “I said I’d give you a ride,” Micheal stated. 

   “You said so, but I’m hanging out with my friends, they are waiting for me, bye,” 

   “So what does that make us? Your enemies?” Austin shouted at her retreating back, and she winked at him before leaving. 

    “Mike, you didn’t tell us you accepted the engagement,” Stanley muttered, and they all looked at him. 

    “What nonsense are you spouting?” Mike blurted. 

   “The school papers published an article concerning your engagement,” Stanley said, and Austin collected his phone. 

    “What? This states that you accepted the engagement because you still love Ava,” Austin said, and Micheal stormed out immediately. “Hey! Where to?” He shouted after him. 
*
  Micheal barged into the principal’s office, and the principal flinched in fear. 

    “What is the school doing regarding that article?” He blurted. 

    “Mr. Russ, I already summoned the head to the school palates, I’ll make sure I take proper action against this,”
   
   The door slugs open, and Ava barged in, her face covered with an evil smirk. 

    “Mr. Principal, can we have a moment in your office?” She asked, and the principal bowed before excusing himself. 

    “What’s this about, Ava? I know you’re behind the article!”

    “Yes, Mike. I’m merely putting things in their right place,”

     “Are you out of your senses? We hate each other, so why are you suddenly doing this?”

    “Because I make the rules. The school might be yours, but you’ll do as I say anyways, you were always obedient when we were together, you begged me not to leave you, but I left and now… I want us back together,” she said, creasing his face, but he jabbed her hand off. 

    “You must’ve lost your mind. I’m going to take proper actions against whoever publish that, and their source, so be ready,” he said, aiming to leave but she clapped her hands to stop him. 

    “You’ve to accept it, Mike, that’s the only way you can holdup your dignity,” she muttered, and he looked at her. 
**
**
  Paulina and Sage waited for Sophia in Sage’s car for almost an hour before she joined them. Sophia was the one who proposed the impromptu outing, and Sage approved it, so Paulina couldn’t decline. 

    “I’m sorry, I was late guys,” Sophia said, and Paulina feigned an angry look. 

   “The outing was your idea, we all agreed on a time, but you came an hour later,”

   “Babe, are you still hanging out with Mike?” Sophia asked. 

   “What’s new?” Sage inquired. 

   “Didn’t you see the school paper?” Sophia asked, and Sage collected the newspaper from her. 

    “They’re going to get married after school,” Sage said, and Paulina chuckled. 

    “Whatever the article said is all plotted by Ava. Remember the article they wrote about me,” Paulina said. 

   “This is legit, babe. Students captured them coming out of the principal’s office together, and they were even holding hands. That why I stayed so long,” Sophia said. 

   “You don’t mean it,” Sage muttered. 

   “I’ll have to confirm from Mike,” Paulina said, and left. 

    “Lina, wait!” They both shouted, running after her. 

  They got to the hallway, and met students surrounded, but they paved way immediately they saw her and she found her way to the middle where Michael and Ava stood. 

     “Mike,” she called, and everyone started murmuring words to themselves. 

    “What do you want, Lina? Mike is mine, and I’ve got him back. Your fake relationship is over now,” Ava teased, and everyone gasped 

    “Mike, what’s she talking about?” Paulina inquired, and Micheal started biting his lower lip. “You told me it isn’t true, Mike, so what’s she saying?” 

    “I’m sorry, Lina,” he muttered, and Ava smirked. 

   “So… it was all true?”

   “Not completely true, I wasn’t completely honest with you from the start, I’m sorry,” 

   “It’s really over now,” Austin whispered to Stanley’s ear. 

   “You aren’t seeming sure to me, Mike,” Paulina muttered. 

   “I’m very sure about what I’m saying, and I’m glad this commotion brought you here to hear this directly from me today,”

    “Mike…” she shuddered, and tears flowed freely from her face. Their relationship might be fake, and thier friendship might be bonded by the mutual feelings she thought they shared for Ava, yet she trusted him. Tears flowed freely from her eyes already feeling betrayed. 

  Save struggled to find his way to the middle to go to her, because she seems dumbfounded standing there and crying like a broken woman. 

   “Why are you crying, Lina? You don’t even know what I’m about to say,” Micheal said, and Ava looked at him 

    “We had an agreement, Mike,” she whispered to him. 

   “I wasn’t completely honest about my feelings for you, I love you Lina, and for the first time in my life, I want to fight for what I truly want, regardless the consequences,” he said, and everyone gasped. 

  Paulina eyes widened in shock, and Ava’s face twisted in anger. Sage who already found his way to the middle froze on his feet immediately. 

    “What’s he saying?” Austin grumbled. 

   “The truth,” Stanley muttered, all smiles. 

    “I’m sorry, Ava, you can keep being delusional. I know it did be best to say this in the stage you prepared, so listen well. My feelings for you disappeared the moment we broke up, and I moved on after meeting Lina again,” he said, and freed his hands from her grip. 

    “Mike…” Paulina shuddered, wondering if that was also a part of thier agreement. 

   “I’m sorry I scared you, Lina,” he muttered, and placed a kiss on her forehead, followed by applauses from the students. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Sorry, Ava 😛
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER THIRTY SEVEN. 3️⃣7️⃣
         ❣️❣️The confession ❣️❣️
. 
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
CHAIRMAN GREENWOOD’S MANSION^^^
^
Sage pieced together the event that happened earlier at school, and reflected on Micheal confession. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK to Michael’s earlier confession ***
*
  Sage struggled to find his way to the front, and when he finally succeeded, Michael’s words made him dumbfounded.

    “…- My feelings for you disappeared the moment we broke up, and I moved on after meeting Lina again,” Mike said, and freed his hands from Ava grip. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Sage exhaled heavily and remembered Michael’s words again. 

   “Why did he indicate meeting Paulina again in his words?” He thought, and laid flat on his bed. “Does that mean they had a history together? Could that be what she is hiding from me?” He exclaimed, running in fingers through his hair. “Don’t relent, Sage, regardless whatever history was between them, you’ve to fight for what you want, that’s how to be a man,” he muttered in determination. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Paulina tossed and turned on her bed trying to gather her thoughts together. After the scene at school, she left school with Austin while Micheal left in a hurry for a meeting. 
*
  She took her phone, and sent a message to Steven to hear his thoughts about the confessions, but it took longer for him to reply so she called him. 

   📞*Hello, I sent a message to you, come online!* She shouted, and dropped the call. 
.
    She checked her message, and waited for a minute before he replied. 

   💬She: *Whats your thoughts about Mike’s confession?*
  💬Him: *Nothing, but don’t get ahead of yourself *
  💬She: *😡. What’s that supposed to mean?*
  💬Him: *Good night 😉*
  
  She hissed in annoyance and dropped her phone when it started ringing. She checked the caller ID excitedly thinking it was Steven who called her back after returning to his senses, but her face fell in disappointment when she saw it was Sage. 

  She exhaled heavily before she received the call. 

   📞 *Hello,*
  📞*What? You’re here?*
  📞*Yes, I know we were supposed go go out, but…*
  📞*Is Sophie with you?*
  📞*Alright, I’ll join you in a jiffy*
*
  She dropped her onine and hurried to go freshen up with thoughts that hanging out with Sage will help her think properly. 

  She descending the stairs when she saw Ava who smirked immediately they gaze met. 

   “Enjoy while you can, but remember that it’s not over yet,” Ava said, walking past her. 

   “That’s rich coming from someone who was publicly rejected on her own stage!” Paulina blurted, and Ava turned around in furry. 

    “What did you say?” She snapped. 

   “What you heard, I don’t have time to repeat myself. I got a date,” she mocked, and hurried away. 

   Ava scoffed at her retreating back, and her face twist in anger. 

   “You’ve gone too far, now I’ll show you why I’m the queen!” she muttered with clenched fist. 
*
  Paulina went out and met Sage standing by his car waiting for her. 

    “Hi,” he said cheerfully, upon seeing her. 

    “Hi,” she muttered, unsure of the right word to say. 

   “Shall we?” He asked, and she nodded. 
*
  They watched a movie together, before grabbing something to eat, and went to an arcade to call it day. 

   They left the arcade and they stopped by the roadside to go watch the night star. 

  Paulina stared at the moon, and Sage looked at her. 

   “Are you thinking about something?” He asked, and she smiled. 

    “Staring at the moon always takes my worries away. You should try it, it really works,”

    “Something else works for me,” he said, and she looked at him. 

    “What?” She asked, her curiosity piqued. 

   “Staring at you like this, being with you, and spending time with you,”

    “Sage…” 

   “I told you I like you, but you said nothing about it. I was serious about my confession,”

   “Sage…”

   “I don’t care about your relationship with Mike, I don’t care if you had a history together or how far your relationship has gone, I don’t care about your motive for being being him. I don’t care about any of those, Lina,”

    “Sage…I…” she shuddered. 

    “You can only tell me you don’t like me now, reject me, and I won’t pressure you again,” he said, staring intensely at her. 

   Her heart started beating fast as his eyes locked with hers, she wanted to look away but she felt Kyle she is glue to that position. Just earlier, Mike confessed and she is still doubting the credibility of his words, and now Sage just pour out a heartfelt confession to her. She has never been in such situation before, unlike many other teenagers, she never considered dating, she was a nerd who only enjoy the company of her mother and few friends. Everything was new to her, she doesn’t understand the meaning of love, the words were new to her, she can’t even explain the feelings she had for him. 
  
   “Since you’re speechless, that only means you can’t reject me, but you’re confused about your feelings. I’m sincere about mine,” he said, and held her hand, placing it on his chest. “My heart beats this fast just for you, and if your heart beats the same way, then you need to take your time to think about your feelings,” he said, and she started hiccuping. 

    “Sage…”

   “You don’t have to sag anything if you aren’t sure of your feelings. I’ll give you time to think about it, I’ll confess to you five times, and if you can’t still give me a response then, I’ll give up. This is my first confession,” he said, and nodded. At that point, that was the only command her body could respond to. 
**
**
   HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Paulina wobbled on her feet along the hallway when she felt a hand on her shoulder, and she saw Steven. 

   “Are you still thuninh about that heartfelt confession?” He teased, and she eyed him before looking away. “I guess you haven’t found an answer yet,” he teased, and she hit his hand away from her. “Fine, I’m leaving now,” he sneered, and was about to leave but a thought came to her mind and she dragged him back. “What?” He snapped. 

    “You’re the only one I could think of,” she muttered, batting her lashes cutely. 

   “Nah… that won’t wole for me,” he teased, and scoffed. 

    “Then what will?” She muttered. 

    “Asking nicely,”

   “Please….” She shuddered, and he smiled, wrapping his hand around her shoulder. 

    “I’m all yours,” he muttered, and she smiled. 
*
  They went to the cafeteria rooftop and she narrated her problems to him, lying that her friend was the one with the problems. 

  Steven chucked after she concluded the story, and exhaled heavily. 

   “So, you mean another guy finfessed to you after Mike’s heartfelt confession? And now you are confused,”

    “Exactly! The  confession caught me off gua…-“. She saw saying, but she instantly realized what she was saying. “No, no, it wasn’t me. It was a friend of mine from my neighborhood,”
     
    “The Stanford’s estate? Is it perhaps, Ava?” He teased. 
    
    “Of course not, my former neighborhood! That’s not the point here, Steve, I really need your advice… to be able to advise my friend, of course,”

   “Well… whoever it is shouldn’t be the point, the advice is what matters,”

   “Yes, exactly!”

    “I told you last might not to jump the gun. Mike’s confession might all be unreal like your relationship. You both shared a common goal, and that’s getting rid of Ava, and yesterday’s event was just perfect,” he said, she concurred. 

   “So… you mean it might all be fake, even the kiss…” she shuddered, and he laughed. 

    “That’s not even a kiss to me, anyone could do the same, I can even do it now,” he teased, and wanted to kiss her forehead but she pushed him away. 

    “Get away from me!” She snapped. 

    “Mike can play all his cards to get what he wants, and that’s exactly what he did! Did he called you after his meeting later?” He asked, and she shook her head. “If his confession was real, he should have called you later to seek an answer, but singe he didn’t, forget about it and focus on your education,” he bantered, and she glared at him. 

    “What do you even know?” She shouted. 

   “Nothing! I know nothing. The last time I dated was in kindergarten school, so you should take advice from a more experienced person to assist your friend,” 

    “What friend?”

   “The one who needs the advice, remember it’s not for you,” he teased, and she slightly nodded. 

    “Thank you, you can go,”

    “You shouldn’t get involved with boys like Mike, you might be in same class, but you belong to different status. He is not an ordinary student like his peers. That’s my last advice to your friend,” with that he left. 

   “He is right, I shouldn’t get ahead of myself,” she grumbled when she felt a presence. “What do you want? I thought you left already!” She snapped, and turned to see it’s Sage. 

    “I see you are now bringing your other friends to our hangout,” Sage said, and she gasped. 

   “Our?” The word echoed in her head, snd she gasped again. “When did it became ours? This is the school premises everyone has equal rights here!” She lashed, starling him. 

   “Hey, don’t be so uptight, I’m merely cracking jokes,” 

   “You shouldn’t crack jokes like that, anyone could think otherwise,”

   “Who would think so?” He inquired, and she instability realized what she has been saying so far. 

   “What’ve  gotten into me?” She thought. “It’s all Steve’s fault,” she almost cried but instantly composed herself. “No one! Bye, I’m late for class,” she said, and carried her bag before running off. 

  She bumped into Sophia on her way, but she ignored Sophia and kept on running. 

   “Hey, Lina!” Sophia shouted. “What’s wrong with her?” Sophia thought, and joined Sage who was smiling cheerfully. “Sage, what’s wrong with Lina?” She asked. 

   “Nothing, she was just being cute,” he muttered all smiles, and Sophia scoffed. 

   “I made a mistake by coming here, a big one,” she muttered, before leaving. 
**
**
  Paulina got to class, and the MASS entered almost immediately, she exchanged greetings with her, and Steven winked at her before they all went to seat. 

  She exhaled heavily, and steal a quick glance at Micheal who acted like she doesn’t exist. 

   “Even if it was all an act, he shouldn’t have ignored me like that,” she grumbled, and placed her head on her desk, mumbling words to herself. 
*
 During recess, she carried her bag ready to elope into a comfort zone—although she had none. 

  She was about to run out of the class, but she felt a hand held her back. She tried to compose herself before she turned around and gasped when she saw it was Micheal. 

   “What? Why are did you grabbed me?” She snapped, and relapsed herself from his grip. 

  Austin and Stanley looked at her puzzled by her reaction, while Steven chuckled softly. 

    “Hey, why are you acting up?” Austin blurted. 

   “Let’s have lunch together,” Micheal said, and she snubbed him before looking away — he confided her with his confession yesterday, and ignored her afterwards, acting like it was all a part of their agreement. The agreement was to fake relationship, not affection. 

    “What a two-faced man,” she grumbled, and they all looked at her. 

    “What did you say?” Austin anded. 

   “No! I’m going to eat at the cafeteria!” She blurted, and intend to leave but he dragged her back. 

   “Then let’s eat at the cafeteria,” he muttered, and she looked at him wondering if that was also an act as well. 

   “An act to show others that we are close,” she thought. 

   “He should consider acting,” she grumbled, loud enough for him to hear. 

   “Who ?” Austin asked, and she looked at him, her gaze met Steven’s funny smile, and she looked away in embarrassment. 

   “I’m hungry,” Steven muttered, and they all looked at him. 

  “What did he say?” Austin asked, awed. 

   “You must be famished to complain. Yes, we should go eat,” Stanley wrapping his arm around Steven’s shoulder. 
*
  They entered the supreme class cafeteria, and the students gasped upon seeing them. They never had lunch at the cafeteria before, they all go there whenever they aim to bully anyone. 

  The students started mumbling words to themselves wondering who the target might be, but the MASS left them perplexed when they went to seat. They might have never had a meal at the cafeteria, but a table was specially reserved for them. 

  Paulina looked around in wonderment, that was her first time at the supreme class cafeteria, and unlike the others, things were done differently. There were waiters taking orders, and the seats were even more comfortable 

  They sat to eat after receiving their orders, and the boys engaged in random conversation about a  party. 

    “Lia hasn’t hosted a party since forever,” Austin said. 

   “She is busy plotting with Ava, that must’ve been more entertaining to her,” Stanley replied. 

  “I don’t think Ava is at school today,” Austin said. 

   “She is obviously embarrassed after what happened yesterday. If I were her, I would return to England at the spot,” Stanley said, and Austin laughed. 

   “Do you guys always attend Lia’s party?” Paulina couldn’t help but ask. 

   “Yes, she is the queen of parties. Her parties are always a lit. Always filled with vibes from all over the city. We always receive special invitations to her party, but she didn’t invite us to her last party. I miss the good old days, we used to be cool, even after Ava left,” Austin said, wistfully.

   “That’s enough,” Micheal muttered. 

   “Why is Rae alone?” Austin said, pointing at Rae who was eating alone. 

   “Do you think she had a misunderstanding with her friends?” Stanley muttered. 

   “Come to think of it, she wasn’t with them yesterday,” Austin point out. 

   “What’s your stress?” Micheal blurted. 

   “I used to have a crush on her back then, but she was dating Roy then,” Austin said, and Stanley chuckled   

   “I told you to tell her back then,” Stanley said. 

   “Not after Roy bought that scooter before us. There was no way I could compete with him, he was always a step ahead of us. I think that guy has someone spying on us,” Austin muttered. 

   “I wonder why they broke up,” Stanley wondered. 

   “Neither of them would have lasted in that relationship. I heard Roy is now in a secret relationship with a Miss America, he is going to flaunt her in Alex’s beach party next weekend. Alex bought a new beach house, and he is throwing a party there. We should get something unique as well, how does a garden house sounds?” Austin said, and Paulina choked on her food. 
    
   “Are you ok? Have some water,” Micheal said, worriedly and she had a slip from the water. She can never understand their conversation, they were always flaunting about money like their  aren’t all teenagers. Steven was right, they belonged to different status entirely. 

   “I rather buy a chopper than a garden house. While on that, what do you guys think about getting a chopper?” Stanley asked, and they all cleared thier throat. 

   “You’re at it again. I’m sure Roy will get that before us again!” Austin blurted. 

   “Mike, what’s your take? I vote for a chopper,” Stanley said. 

   “Garden house I stand!” Austin blurted. 

   “You shouod all date first, and stop worrying about material possessions “ he muttered, and Paulina chuckled. 

   “I’ll ensure I get a new girl before this month runs out, and we must celebrate our 100 days together in the MASS garden house,” Austin said. 

   “And I’ll get one too, and celebrate our 100 days together traveling around in our chopper!” Stanley said. 

   “Can you even last 100 days?” Austin teased, and Micheal chuckled. 

   “Leave the girls to Austin, man. We might end up with the garden house,” Micheal mocked. 

   “What’s your vote?” Stanley asked. 

   “I’m busier than that. Let the best man win. We should wrap up here, recess is almost over,” Micheal said, and they all nodded. 

    “I’m really going to find a girl this time, and we will celebrate 100 days, a year, and even more together!” Stanley lashed. 

    “I vote my new car that’s on the way,” Austin said. 

   “I vote my new scooter,” Micheal said, and they looked at Steven. 

    “Will you vote your car as well?” Austin asked, Steven who nodded, and they all looked at Paulina. 

    “What?” She grumbled, and they shook their head. 

   “Let’s go, guys,” with that they left the cafeteria. 
*
School dismissed later, and Sage offered Paulina a ride. Thankfully, he didn’t talk about his confession and she asked him to drop her at the bus station. 

  She looked around for the ragged man who was mostly at the station before she boarded the bus. She was fond of always seeing him there, and always felt some sense of relief whenever see saw him. 

   “I wonder if he left already,” she thought. 
*
  She got home later and couldn’t stop thinking about the ragged man, she was always curious about him and his sudden appearance sadden her in a way. She dibwr her thoughts away from him when a message beeped into her phone from Micheal. 

   💬*Do you want to watch the stars with me later?* the message reads, and she blushed softly. 
   💬*Sure!* she tested back wondering what he wanted to discuss with her. 
*
  He came to pick her up later, and they enjoyed a peaceful long ride, and he pulled at a feild. 

  He spread a comfortable sheet on the ground, and they stared at the sky together. 

   “The moon is out today,” she blushed, and he looked at her. 

   “Let’s end our agreement, Lina,” he muttered, and she looked at him. 

  Their gaze met, and neither of them looked away. 

   “My confession the other day wasn’t bonded by our agreement, so let’s end it. I want to quit deceiving myself, be my girl for real this time,” he stated, and he’d heart started beating fast. She couldn’t think of a response, neither could she look away. It was the same way she felt when Sage confessed, and she became confused at that spot. 

   “Who does my heart truly beats for?” She thought, still staring at Micheal. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
Paulina, is stuck 😕
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER THIRTY EIGHT. 3️⃣8️⃣
       ❣️❣️Cycles of history❣️❣️
. 
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  Micheal has been thinking of the best way to confess to Paulina, because she always mistook his affection as part of their agreement. After Ava tried to blackmail him the other day, he take advantage of her stage to put her in her place and confess his true feelings to Paulina, but he couldn’t man up to his words afterwards. His friends believed it was all an act, so as Paulina so he couldn’t think of a way to clarify himself. 

 He tried to send her messages, but he couldn’t compose a message, so he contemplated before call on her but his phone went off in the process so he took it as a warning sign, bd went to charge his phone. 
*
  He was about to go to bed when Mr. Jones called to inform him that his presence was needed at his father’s living room. After their last confrontation, he has been trying to avoid either of his parents. Resigning from work was out of the blues, but he was willing to do anything to escape the engagement at that point. Upon returning to his room, he regretted splitting that out, so he has been avoiding his parents since then. 

  He was aware than refusing to meet his father would be a bad idea, so he went to his father’s living room but he wasn’t there, so he went to his study instead. 

  After he placed a soft knock on the door, a vague response from echoed from inside, and he went in. 

    “I’ll give you just a week to turn in your resignation letter!” Mr. Russ blurted, and Micheal flinched in fear. He was dauntless about quitting, but now he felt intimidated by the potential consequences. 

   “Ok, dad,” were the only words that escaped his mouth. 

   “Are you resolute about your decision?”

  “Dad… u was with Ava, and we broke up. We had our reasons for breaking up,”

   “I heard that you suffered a heartache after she left, if you love her that much then getting back together shouldn’t be a problem,”

   “I loved her, but I moved on. I don’t want to return to the trash I dumped,” he said, and Mr. Russ chuckled. 

   “What happens when you realized you dumped a treasure along with the trash,”

   “I was careful when I trashed it, and I didn’t lose anything,”

   “Mike… you’ve been a businessman since you were a child. ‘Catch them young’, that was the goal, and you’ve been impressive until now. There is something you’ve to understand about businessmen. You’ve to turn around, and take another look after dumping something, why? There could be something I might need from what I dumped, did I made the right decision? That’s it, Mike. The Packard’s and Stanford’s only has a daughter who is the heiress to a big fortune. Is that who you called trash? Weren’t you thinking before dating her?”

  “I’m sorry, dad, but it’s not just Ava,”

   “Then who?!” Mr. Russ snapped. 

   “I…” he shuddered. 

   “It’s ok. It doesn’t have to be her,” Mr. Russ said, and Alvin looked at him waiting to hear his alternatives. “Theo Stanford’s already agreed to the engagement, and we’ve to turn them down, although we proposed it first. You seem determined, so I won’t push further. That’s a list of potential candidates that can replace the Stanford’s daughter. It’s a perilous idea, but your mother came up with it, so I’m sure she would be able to counterattack the consequences,” he said, and gave Micheal a drafted list. “You can either be with any of those listed there, or go for the Stanford’s daughter. There is too many things on the line, but choosing any of those candidates is our only weapon. The Stanford would likely give up if any of those family are involved. But the Stanford’s daughter is still our best choice. You’ve until this weekend to turn in your resignation letter, or choose any of those,” Mr. Russ said, and Micheal exhaled heavily. 
*
 He returned to his room and checked on all names. He look at really know any of them expect the Lockwood’s daughter, Jessica. 

  “Does the Holt have a teenage daughter?” He thought 

  He sent all the names to Stanley to help him confirm if they have a daughter, and Stanley replied after about half an hour with the names of their daughters, and pictures. 

   💬* The Alexander has a daughter in grade 8, and she resides in France, the Holt has a daughter who is in her second year in college, the Blakes has a disabled daughter who is a teenager, and the current chairwoman of Downs’s group who is in her late 20s,*

   “What? Am I a joke to dad?” Micheal shouted after reading Stanley’s message. 

   💬*Why are you interested in them?* Stanley texted, but he couldn’t reply. 

   He knows from the start that his parents can never approve his relationship with Paulina, and that has been his fear from the start. He was hoping on going public with her after he gain more power, but the sudden engagement was a barrier to his plans. 

  He put the list away, and went to freshen up not intending to think about anything. 

  After he freshened up, he went to stand by the window to stare at the moon, and his lips curved in a smile. 

   “Staring at the moon is indeed the best therapy,” he muttered, slipping from his glass of wine. 

  He heard a knock on the door, and he thought it was Mr. Jones because he is the only person who has the audacity to knock at his door, but the knocking continued, and she went to the door angrily —Mr. Jones would have given him a call, he only knocks if he was unable to reach him. Getting to the door, he opened it widely and saw the new chef there to serve him dinner. 

    “Good evening, sir. I brought your dinner,”

    “Did I request for it?” He blurted. 

   “It’s past your dinner time, sir,” she muttered. 

  His other staffs around, bowed their head and he exhaled heavily before slamming the door to her face. 
*
  During classes the following day, he couldn’t even glance at Paulina, the thought that the universe would never approve thier relationship was really overwhelming. When it was time for recess, she hurried out of the class and his heart sank at the thought that she was hurrying to Sage, so he dragged her back. As the day fly by, she left without declining his offer to give her a ride and he watched her from afar leaving the school with Sage. 

   “Why don’t you tell her?” Stanley asked him from behind, starling him. 

   “When did you got here? Where are the others?”

   “Austin refused to leave until he ace the game, and Steven isn’t giving up either,”

   “So, why are you here?”

   “To talk to you. I also know it can’t work, and it would never work. Even if you won’t be with Ava, it can never be her but you can still give it a shot. We only live once, man. Make yourself happy while it last, and worry about the consequences later,” Stanley said, and Micheal looked at him. 

    “Should I really do it?” 

    “You’ve to stay true to yourself, man. You advise Austin and I to find a girl, you shouod dos same to and be with someone who will make you happy even if it’s for a short period. You should at least make yourself happy before you marry any of those candidates I search on,” Stanley advised, and Micheal looked at him. 

   “Can you back into people’s mind?” He inquired, his curiosity piqued.

   “I wish I could,” Stanley muttered, and winked before leaving. 

  Everyone left school but Micheal couldn’t bring himself to leave. He was lost in his thoughts, his parents can never approve Paulina no matter how hard he try, it would only work if she can be reborn from an influential conglomerate family which can is impossible. 
    
     “You should really do it, Mike. You should enjoy it while it last and worry about the consequences later,” he thought, and sent a message to Paulina. 
*
 Paulina stared at him intensively, and he curious wait for her respond but her ringing phone made her look away, and she immediately picked the  call without checking the caller. 

   📞*Hello,*
   📞*Oh, Sage,” she muttered, and Micheal looked at her.

   “Lina, it’s getting late, we shouod get going,” he shouted, and she looked at him. 

  📞*Yeah, I stepped out. I’ll give you a call when I get home,* with that she dropped the call. 

  She released a deep breath, and as she met Michael’s gaze, his smile brought a slight smile to her face.
     
   “Let’s go,” she muttered, and he nodded. 
*
  He pulled over at the Stanford’s mansion, and held her hand before she could alight from the car. 

   “I’m willing to wait, Lina, if you won’t make me wait forever. But henceforth, I want you to consider my genuine feelings, because they are real,”

   “Since when, Mike?” she asked, leaving him speechless. 

   “I don’t know,” he whispered, his voice barely above a whisper, but she managed to hear. 

   “Ok,” she muttered, and get down from the car. 
*
  She went to her room and laid flat on the bed in despair, she took her phone and contemplated on sending a message to Steven but thought against it. 

  She think for a while but decide to take her mind off it by going to talk to her father. He promised to take her to visit her grandfather, but they haven’t had another conversation since then. 

  She went to his study and placed a knock on the door but his angry response from inside scared her, and she almost thought of retreating. 

   “Dad… it’s me, Paulina,” she shuddered, the door almost immediately, and she met a smiley face contrary to what she expected. 

   “Lina, let’s talk in the living room,” he said in excitement, and a bright smile spread across her face as she nodded. 
*
  They went to the living room, and he gave her a cup of coffee. 

   “Thank you,” she muttered, and sipped from the cup coffee. 

  “How has school been? I’ve been really busy lately, that I didn’t have time to check up on you,” 
  
   “I would’ve imagined,” she muttered, and he smiled. 

   “Is there something you want to talk about?”

   “Dad… you promised to take me to visit my grandfather…”

   “Oh, yes. I did promise that, but there is a good news and a bad one,”

   “What’s the news dad?” She asked, already curious. 

   “Your grandfather has always been out of prison,”

   “Really? That’s good news,” she said in excitement. “And the bad?” She muttered, already anxious. 

   “I don’t know his whereabouts. I sent people out to search for him, but they haven’t report back to me,”he said, and Paulina’s face fell. “Don’t worry, Lina, we are going to find him, and once I do, I’ll make sure I send you to him,”

   “You will do that?” 

   “I know that you aren’t comfortable staying here, but there is nothing I can do about it, but thinking about it now, I realized that it did be best for you to be with your grandfather,”

   “Thanks a lot, dad. I’d appreciate that,”

  “Don’t mention it, my child,” he said, and she smiled. 
*
  Ava who went to her father’s living room intending to talk him into sending her back to England. After giving it all a thought, she decide that being away was the best way to get over the embarrassment she received at school. She felt  too ashamed to go to school, neither did her friends cared to check up on her. She decided that leaving could be best, and her father will be easier to convince. But upon getting there, and saw him and Paulina together vent her anger. She made a fist and stormed away. 

   “Turns out leaving won’t do me any good. That bltch will take my place in this house, and at school. I won’t let her take everything from me,” she muttered in determination, and burst out of the house to take the step she should have taken earlier —consulting her grandfather. 
*
  She ordered her driver to drive her to her grandfather’s house, no one else but him can help her smoothly get everything she desire. 
*
  She got to her grandfather’s mansion and was directed to one of his garden, there he was disciplining someone. 

    “You want to write articles, right?” Mr. Packard teased, stepping on the bruised man lying flat on the ground. 

   “Sir… I’m sorry…” the man cried. 

   “Don’t be sorry. I’m going to give you more things to write on. We could even make others write about you, what matters is someone is writing,” he teased, and stepped on the man’s head. 

    “Sir… have mercy, I’ve a family,” he cried. 

   “I know, do you want them to join you?” He sneered hitting the man’s stomach and the weak man groaned in pain. 

   One of his bodyguards whispered words to his ear, and he turned to Ava who was standing far away from them. 

  “It’s your lucky day, my granddaughter is here. Ava, wait for grandpa in the living room, Ive to wrap up my meeting here,” he shouted, and Ava nodded. 
*
  She went to his private living room, and waited for him. She is used to seeing events like that whenever she visits him uninvited with her mother, that’s why she feared him a lot. The first time she saw him break a table on a someone’s head was when she was 10 years old, she couldn’t contain her fear and the event replayed on her head for days, giving her nightmares. 

  She waited for half an hour, and he joined her in the living room after he freshened up. 

    “Ava, to what do I owe this surprise visit?”

   “Grandpa, I adore you so much because you always have a solution to all my problems,” she said, and he chuckled. 

   “The solution lies within you, my child, you just have to find it,”

   “I feel like I would lose everything expect you,” 

  “You should desire more things, not lose what you’ve,”

   “That’s how it should be grandpa, but I’ll still lose everything soon,”

    “To her?” Her grandfather asked, and she looked at her perplexed. 

    “Who?”

   “Your father’s illegitimate daughter,” he blurted, and she gasped. 

    “How did you know about her?” She asked, her curiously piqued. Her mother warned her to keep Paulina’s existence away from her grandfather, so there is no way her mother could tell him, but she couldn’t be so surprised, her grandfather always have a way in fishing out informations on his own, and finding solutions. 

   “How won’t I know someone who is living under my nose? She has an identical disgusting face as her mother,” he said. 

   “Do you also know her mother? Why did you allow it happen, grandpa? Why did you allow dad have a mistress and even went as far as bringing his daughter home?”

   “Because we could always get her out of the way,” he said, and Ava chuckled. 

   “Not just her, grandpa,”

  “And the Russ’s son?”

   “How do you know?”

   “I know a lot of things than you can imagine,” he said, and she beamed. 

    “How do I do that, grandpa? All my efforts proves abortive,”

    “We will just put them where they belong. The Russ’s son next to you, and the illegitimate daughter out of the way. History will have to repeat itself,”

    “What history?”

   “A beautiful history that happened before you were born. This conversation reminds me of a similar situation from years ago,” he said, and remembered what happened years ago. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK to years ago***
*
 Grace broke down in tears in her father’s living room, and her father snapped at her. 

    “Are you literally crying over a guy?” He shouted. 

   “It can only be Paul, father… I love him, but that bltch seduced him… he would never be mine,” she cried. 

    “You will return to school, and continue your life, make new friends, move on from him, and I will sort out the rest,”

    “How would that work?” She cried. 

   “Trust me, my child. Paul is yours, he has always been yours from the start. You will marry him, and first group will be ours,” he said, and her face brightened up immediately. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Mr. Packard smiled wickedly, and looked at Ava who gave him a confused look. 

   “We will get the obstacles out of our way, my child, and Russ group will be ours. I’ll make you the queen, you will take over first group, and Russ group and I’ll make you the president over them all,” he said, and Ava smirked. 

   “Thank you, grandpa,” she muttered, and he smiled. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Let’s hope Paulina will be safe 😌
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER THIRTY NINE. 3️⃣9️⃣
  
❣️❣️Same person, different worlds❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 LOUIS’S HOUSE^^^
^
  Charlotte woke up from a nightmare, and tried to catch her breath before going out to receive some fresh air, there she met her father in the garden staring at the moon. 

    “Dad, why are you out here?” She asked, and he turned to look at her with a smile. 

   “You’re also up,” he muttered. 

   “I want to get some air,” 

   “I was unable to sleep,” he said, exhaling heavily. 

  “What’s bothering you, dad?”

  “How can I get back at the Packard’s? How can I get rid of Mr. Packard? How can I dig into his dirty past and send him to b£ll? All those thoughts are bothering me,”

   “Dad, you aren’t planning to do anything illegal, right?”

   “Charlotte, beaten once, must never be beaten twice. Our family didn’t fall apart because I did something illegal, our family fell apart because I trusted the wrong person,” 

   “Dad, please don’t. I don’t want you ti get involved in anything illegal. All I want is to get my daughter back, and we should all leave together. Can you do that please?” She pleaded, holding his hands. 

    “How will you do that? How do you plan to get your daughter back? You can’t have her back easily, and you gang even remember who tried to get rid of you. So, how do you plan to it that, Charlotte? I don’t care about going back to prison, must we must do what has to be done,” 

   “Dad….”

  “We can do that, without anyone going to prison,” Louis said, joining them. They didn’t notice his presence until he made it known. 

   “Louis, don’t tell me you’re in on this as well?” 

   “Louis, you’ve done more than enough for us that we can’t repay, but allow me do this on my own, it’s my right to do it. The Packard’s destroyed my family, I shouod repay that, he sent me to jail, I owe them that as well. It’s an eyes for two eyes, I’m going to repay what I owe in ten folds. Charlotte attempted suicide, and was separated from her daughter, they deserve to suffer the same pain,” 

   “Louis, please talk him about of this,”

   “He is right, Charlotte. Someone has to stop them. Uncle Joffrey (Mr. Packard) has always been scary since I was a child, I’m sure he is upto something unclean. We will expose them sir, and make them face justice the right way. If you really want to repay my kindness, you will do this. Let’s do what has to be done….the right way,” 

    “Louis, you don’t I how this things work. You can never get rid of someone powerful the right way,”

   “Let’s give my idea a try sir. Just until the electron is over, let’s try to expose them before then and get Paulina back, and if we fail, you can do it all your way,” Louis said, and Mr. Ethan smiled. 

   “Let’s see how it goes,” Mr. Ethan muttered. 

   “Dad, you’ve to promise me. I’ll denounce you as my father if you do anything illegal again,”

   “I’m not worthy to be your father if I can’t protect you and your child,” with that he went inside. 

   “Dad…” 

   “Charlotte. Leave him alone. We’re going to solve this the right way, and get Paulina back,” Louis assured, and he embraced him in tears. 
*
   Charlotte woke up the following day, and went downstairs to meet her father and Louis together in the living room. 

   “Good morning,” she greeted, and they both responded in unison. 

   “What are you both discussing this morning?” She asked, sitting next to her father on the long couch. 

    “Nothing much,” Louis was quick to say. 

  Charlotte picked up the note on the table and look at glance confused. 

     “That is the list of plate numbers that always give Paulina a ride from school, your father wrote those down,”

   “My daughter? Is she safe with them?”

  “She has really good friends, Charlotte. I’ve been keeping a close watch on her, and she seems to really enjoy their company a lot,”

    “Paulina doesn’t keep much friends. She only had two friends till she graduated from elementary school, and just a friend in grade school. I hope she is safe with them,” Charlotte muttered. 

    “Her closer friend seems to be a from the Greenwood’s family. They only have a teenage son, so it could only be him. Sage Greenwood. The only son of Chairman Greenwood, and only grandson of the world best lawyer,” Louis said, and Charlotte looked at her. 

    “Paulina is close to such person?” Charlotte gasped. 

   “Holland high is for children from prestigious family. The families of the students has to donate huge amounts for thier children to be able to attend that school,” 

   “Why is Paulina in such school?” Charlotte asked 

   “Paul probably enrolled her there,”

   “Don’t worry, Paulina is doing well at school, and she has good friends too,” Mr. Ethan assured. 

   “Who are the others?” Charlotte asked. 

  “This one belongs to the Russ families, so he is probably Micheal Russ, the only son of Russ family. He is a young director. He is probably a good kid,” Louis said. 

   “Paulina seems to he closer to him lately. It was the first guy from the start,”

   “And the last one?”

   “He is from the Wilson’s family, he is the only heir of Will’s group. Don’t worry, Paulina is safe with them,” Louis said. 

   “How did Paulina managed to make so many friends?” She grumbled. 

   “She has other friends,” Mr. Ethan said. 

    “Other friends?” Charlotte and Louis asked. 

   “A female friend from school, they seem to be mutual friends with that Greenwood, and a boy from school who works part-time at a noodle restaurant. She goes there every weekend to hang out with her friend, and also hang around there at times during the week,”Mr. Ethan said. 

   “Wow. Paulina seems to be living a good life,” 

   “You see that Charlotte, so be rest assured now that Paulina is doing fine,” Louis exclaimed, and she nodded in tears. 

   “I want to see my daughter,” she cried. 

  “We can’t do that, it’s dangerous for you to show yourself to her,” Mr. Ethan said. 

  “We can do it, but discreetly, Louis said, and they both looked at him. 

   “You’re right. We can go to that noodles restaurant during the weekend, and see her. She goes there every weekend,” Mr. Ethan said. 

  “Thank you, dad, thanks for looking after my daughter,”

   “That’s the only thing I can do for her. I can’t  even show myself to her. She has such a humble manner, she is just like you, Charlotte. Despite being raised by a father like me, you managed to grow up well on your own, and I’m glad you raised your daughter well,” he said, and she smiled. 

   “I’m sure it will all be over soon,” Louis said, and they nodded. 

   “Thank you for everything, Louis,” Charlotte muttered. 

   “Don’t thank me yet, when everything is over, we should all have a meal together with Paulina, it would be your treat, and a way to thank me,” he said, and Charlotte smiled. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Paulina slept in till it was late in the morning so she didn’t bother preparing for school. She has been too preoccupied with her thoughts lately, and she only managed to relax properly last night. She went to freshen up and checked to school calendar, and was surprised to see that thier mid-semester exams are fast approaching. 

   “This is really bad, Lina. You’ve been slacking behind in your studies,” she thought, and made up her mind to study for the rest of the week, and résumé back to school the coming week. School has really been stressful, with Sage and Micheal’s sudden engagement, and their teaching system at Holland high was different from fhe one she was used to. 
*
  Steven was the first to send her a message, and she replied him and Sage message entered immediately. 

  She dropped her phone and continued studying when Micheal called came in around recess break but she rejected the call and sent him a message instead. After being assured that no one else will check up on her, she turned off her phone and focused on studying. 

  She did the same studying routine till 
Theo  week ended, and she prepared to leave the house on Saturday to have breakfast at the noddles restaurant. 

  The driver dropped her off in the bus station, and she boarded the bus to the noddles restaurant. 

   “Hey, I thought you were on a study marathon,” Steven teased, and she chuckled. 

   “What’s on the menu?” She asked

  Go find out yourself,” he whispered in her ear, and she glared at him. 
*
 Louis’s  driver drove Charlotte and Mr. Ethan to the noddles restaurant, and watching Paulina from the car. 

   “My daughter,” she cried. 

   “Do you want to go in?” Mr. Ethan asked. 

   “Can I?” She asked, and she nodded. 
*
  Paulina received her orders and winked at Steven who was staring at her. His gaze met hers, and he went ro join her. 

   “Aren’t you supposed to be working?” She asked. 

  “There is nothing to deliver, and no customers. You seem to be the only one hungry this morning,” he teased, and she scoffed. 

   “Your jokes are so lame,”

  “That wasn’t a joke, tho…”

   “There comes a customer,” she point out, when Mr. Ethan went in. 

    “Be right back,” with that Steven left. 

   “Isn’t that the man from the bus station?” She thought, staring at him. 

  Charlotte went in as well, disguised with a face cap and sunglasses. 

   “She walks just my mother,” she muttered, and instantly remembered her mother again. 
*
 She shove the thoughts away and finished her meal before going to Mr. Ethan. She doesn’t know why she went to him, but she just felt it’s proper to exchange greetings since she always see him in the bus station. 

   “There should be a relationship for that,” she thought. 

  Mr. Ethan heart skipped a beat as Paulina approached his table, and he looked at her. 

    “Good morning, sir. I never knew you stay around here. I always see you in the bus station, and we bumped into each other at holland high few months ago. Do you remember me?” She said, and he stared blankly at her. “Oh… why am I talking too much?” She grumbled. 

   “Let’s go, Lina,” Steven said, dragging her away. “Do you know that man?” He asked. 

   “Not really, but I believe we share a special relationship. I once bumped into him at school, and I mostly see him at the bus station. I believe we are close enough to exchange pleasantries,”

   “No, you aren’t!” He snapped, and she flinched. 

  “What?” She grumbled. 

   “Talking to a man like that… just go home,”

   “He looks like a nice man,”

   “Oh sure he does. Now I see why Mike is interested in you,”

   “What’s that supposed to mean?”

   “Just go home, I’ll call you,” he said, and stopped a taxi for her. 

    “You don’t have to call me!” She lashed, and entered the taxi. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH ^^^
^
  Students started arriving at school, and were all welcomed by the mid-semester examination memo and grumbling about it.
*
  Paulina sat at the cafeteria rooftop, thinking about Sage. He invited her out the other day, and she spent all her Sunday with him, after a fun filled day, he confessed to her again, and just like the last time, she was speechless with just her heart dancing in excitement. She enjoyed Sage’s company a lot, and felt safe around him, likewise Micheal so she was totally confused. 

    “Why does my heart beat for two men?” She thought. 

   “Because they are both special to you,” she heard Sophia said, joining her and she instantly realized that she said that out loud. 

   “Sophie…”

   “I might not be experienced in love, in fact I don’t want to fall in love. I dated my ex boyfriend because he was from an influential family, but we broke up after few months. I might not be experienced in love, but I’m sure you can only love one person,”

   “How do you know when you love someone?”

   “You will feel safe around them, time flies whenever you are together, and even the little things makes you happy,” 

    “What if I feel that way for two people?”

    “Then… you’ve to focus. Your case is a bit new and serious, but let’s try if this will work. If those two people are Sage and Mike, then imagine being in a world where only of them exist. Exclude the benefits you get from them, and only imagine the time you spend with them, which one do you enjoy the most. I believe that should work,” Sophia said, and Paulina closed her eyes. 
*
  Remembering her first meeting with Sage, and how they ended up as friends, and back to Micheal, comparing them both, she opened her eyes and realized that the problem was from her. 

  She enjoy being with Micheal because it helps her escape Sage, she feel guilty whenever she was with Sage, the guilt of lying to him and hiding  things from him, but it was never that way with Micheal. 

    “I think I enjoy Mike’s company because it helps me escape reality, but I always want to be honest with Sage. He is such a good person, and he deserves to be treated batter,” she muttered, and Sophia patted her back. 

   “And if you are honest with the both of them, which one do you think you want to be mostly?” Sophia asked, and she closed her eyes again. 

   “It’s Sage,” she muttered, and Sophia gasped. 

   “Have you gotten your answers now?” Sophia asked, and she shook her head. 

   “But I don’t think I’m good enough for him,” she muttered because she knows that she can never be honest with him. 

   “You’ve to stay true to yourself, Lina. If you enjoy being with Mike because he helps you escape reality, then I’ll advise you to be honest to Sage. I know I always recommend Mike, I mean… who wouldn’t? But Sage is a good person, you can never find a good guy like him. Even Mike can’t compete with him,” Sophia advised, and Paulina bowed her head in thoughts. 
*
  Paulina followed the MASS to thier suite later added school to work on thier club activity. After doing that for almost an hour, they retired to chattering about random stuffs. 

   “I want to format my laptop,” Austin said, pressing his laptop. 

   “You should get a new one, bro.  You have been using that lap to for years now,” Stanley said. 

   “I’m loyal to this laptop. It was the first gift I received from a girl. We might have breakup, but the laptop has a special place in my heart,” 

    “You still have these pictures in your drive?” Stanley asked, seating next to him. 

    “Oh, Mike is so cute here,” Austin said, and Micheal glared at them. 

    “What pictures are those?” He blurted. 

    “If you’re curious come join us,” Stanley said. 

    “Let me see the cute pictures,” Paulina said, joining them. 

    “They are from elementary school,” Stanley said, and Micheal looked at them. 

    “Pictures from elementary school?” He asked, hurrying to them. 

  Paulina looked at the picture displaying ok the screen, and she shook her head at the familiar dave that she was seeing. 

   “Why are stunned? The picture is not that bad. I think we were cute back then. Although, I’ve always been cute,” Austin said, cheerfully. 

    “Is that Mike ?” Paulina shuddered, pointing at the screen and Michael closed the laptop immediately. 

   “Guys, that’s enough. You should all go home now,” he said, and they started grumbling. 

    “Why? I thought we were going to go shopping for ur party this weekend,” Austin muttered. 

    “We already made the reservation, bro,” Stanley  said. 

   “I’ll call the director, and make another reservation directly from him. Austin, you mentioned that you have to be home early today,” Micheal said. 

    “Oh, yes. My sister is coming over. Gosh, I’m screwed!” 

   “Why? I thought you two get along,” Stanley said. 

   “A little. With my immediate sister, not the eldest,” 

   “How many sisters do you have? You only mention one, and I’ve only seen her pictures,”

  “Three ldiot! But I wish the others never existed,”
*
  The other left, and Micheal cleared his throat aloud looking at Paulina who didn’t move an inch. 

   “I’ll give you a ride,” he muttered, and she looked at him. 

   “Why… why was Mikey on that screen?” She asked, her voice fading off in wonderment. 

  She has always felt the presence of her childhood runaway friend in him, but there she no way she could have imagined them being the same person. Mikey was from a humble family, leaving alone with his single mother, and Micheal was an entirely different person. He belonged to a different world dorm Mikey. A lot of thoughts ran through her mind, but there was no way she could put them all together. Micheal and Mikey can’t be the same person, but yet they were the same person. 

   “Lina, I can explain,” he muttered, and his words confirmed it. 

  She remembered their first meeting and how he reacted when she called him Mikey, how he asked her if she would act indifferent to him if he was Mikey, all the memories she had with Mikey and the time she spent with Micheal keeps flooding into her head, but there was no way she could bring sense from it all. 

   “No, you can’t be Mikey, it just doesn’t make sense,” she muttered, and he bowed his head in guilt. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
. 
  Hmmmm…
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FORTY. 4️⃣0️⃣ 
  
            ❣️❣️The article❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  Micheal bowed his head speechlessly, unsure of how to answer her question. He knew from the moment he was her that she was his childhood friend, Paulina. She never changed from how she was from ten years ago. He was surprised at first that she didn’t recognize him but putting it all together, they have only been friends for few weeks, while he has known her for a long time, although they aren’t friends then. He decided to keep things the way they were, he already made a promise never to return to his past, so he pretended like she didn’t exist. Even though, he wanted things for remain the way they were, he couldn’t just sit still and watch Ava bully her. She has always been bullied since elementary school because she was a nerd, and likely an introvert. She never stand up for herself, and even now, Ava just walked over her. He became frustrated at the thought, and ensured to attend Lia’a last party to find a way to rescue her from whatever Ava was plotting, but fate had other plans, and he ended up entangled in their plans, building a connection between them. From that moment, he made up his mind to be her hero again, but a real hero this time. She has always been special to him singe they were children, and seeing her again remained him of his cute friend who is only chatty with those she is comfortable with. There was no way he could show himself as her childhood friend because he would have to explain how it all came about to her, so being the Micheal he is now, and protecting her in his own way in form of an agreement was the only way, until he unknowingly fell for her. He knew from the start that he was attracted to her, but he thought it was bonded by the relationship between them in the past, but now it was crystal clear, he love her and was willing to go through any length to protect her, but revealing his past as her childhood friend was never a part of his plans. 
.
   “Mike, are you just going to stay quiet?” She snapped, and he looked at her immediately. 

   “Lina… there is a long story behind it,”

   “How is it even possible? No, how long have you known that you were Mikey,”

    “From the first day I was you. When I came to school that morning, and saw Ava bullying you, I knew from then, that was why I got involved,” he said, and she scoffed in disbelief. 

   “You’ve knew for that long, and you didn’t tell me. You even got angry whenever I compare you to Mikey. How does these makes sense, Mike?”

   “Because I like the way things are now. I don’t have to be Mikey to be friends with you. We are cool even now,”

   “You can say all that because you aren’t the one deceived. You called is friends and you kept something so important from me. How is all that even possible, Mike? How can my childhood friend who always go fishing with me became an elite over night?”

   “It all happened within a blink, that’s why I couldn’t tell you. There is a story behind it,@

   “That’s enough. I don’t want to hear any words from you. You always use every circumstance to your advantage even when you Mikey, and now, you still haven’t changed. I don’t want to hear any of your stories. You lied to me from the start about being Mikey, so how sure am I that you will be honest with me now?” With that she stormed out, and he ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. 
*
  Paulina ran out, and bumped into Sage on way to the parking lot. 

   “Line, are you ok?” He asked, and she looked at him. 

  “Do I look ok?” She muttered, and he embraced her. 
*
  He lead her to his car, and gave her a bottle of water. 

   “Thank you, Sage,” she muttered, and sip from the bottle. 

    “What happened to you?” He asked, and she shook her head. 

   “Why are you still at school?” She asked back. 

   “I forgot to return a book to the library, so I went to do that. Let me give you a ride home,” he said, and she nodded. 
*
  She asked him to drop her at the bus station, and she board a bus head in to the noddles restaurant. She alighted from the bus and took a taxi to the noodle restaurant, but she saw the delivery bike. Wondering if he was out to deliver, she eyesearched, and saw him surrounded by thugs. 

   “What? Steven. Sir, can you reverse?” She asked the taxi driver who drove back, and she dropped at the scene. 

  She ran down from the taxi, heading to where Steven was. Even though there was nothing she could do, she can’t sit by and watch her friend being bullied. 

    “Steven,” she called running up to him, and everyone around looked at her —they looked more like gangsters than thugs, and she flinched in fear but managed to compose herself. 

    “No, no, Lina, stay away,” Steven muttered,in a low whisper so she didn’t hear him. 

  She find her way to him, and rushed to hold him glaring at the scary looking men like she got something on her. 

    “I see… you found yourself a lover girl,” the man who looked like thier leader sneered, and Steven held her hand to hid behind him 

   “Don’t you dare hurt her!” He blurted, and Paulina started to panic. She has never seen Steven that angry before, and being caught in a scene like that was also beyond her imagination. 

   “I… I’m going to call thee police,” she shuddered, and her hands trembled as she hold her phone but Steven collected the phone from her. 

 The man chuckled, and left in his car while the others followed. 

  “Lina, are you ok?” He asked, and she looked at him, collecting her phone from him. 

   “I should be asking you that,”

   “I can take care of myself. Why did you get involved?” He lashed. 

  “I saw thugs bullying you, so you expect me to act blind and just keep going?”

  “Yes! You were supposed to act blind and keep going. Getting involved will only put you in danger,”

   “Who are you really? You work in a noodle restaurant, and met up with the elites standard. Even now, you’re getting bullied by thugs. Are they even thugs or gangsters? Who are you really?”

    “That shouldn’t be your problem, just stay away from me. I’m not someone you should get involved with. Don’t come to the noddles restaurant anymore, there are other places you can get noodles and never interfere in events like this again,” with that he left and she glared at his retreating back. 

   “What an ingrate,” she thought. “Fine! I won’t come to the noddles restaurant anymore, and I won’t ever talk to you again!” She shouted, loud enough for him to hear. 
   “Those boys are just messed up with a lot of secrets, I shouldn’t have gotten involved with them. Who could have thought Mike was Mikey, and Steven has business with thugs,” she thought, and stopped a taxi. 
**
**
  Micheal couldn’t go home after Paulina left, he went to the bar in his suite and couldn’t even bring himself to drink anything. He sat there without doing anything until his phone rang, he picked up without checking the caller because he knew that it must be his worried secretary. 

    📲*Sjr, where are you?” 
    📞*At school,* with that, he dropped the call. 
*
  The door unlocked less than an hour later, and Mr. Jones hurried in looking all over the place for Micheal until he saw him at the bar. 

    “Sir, are you ok?” He asked, and Micheal nodded. 
    “It’s late. Your parents want to have dinner with you,” 

    “My parents? Hmmm… they probably want to discuss something, right?”

   You should find out yourself, sir,”

   “I don’t want to,” he lament, and placed his head on the table. 

   “Sir, there is an article about you, you might be in trouble,” Mr. Jones said, and Micheal looked up immediately. 
**
 CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION^^^
^
  Mr., and Mrs. Russ sat in the main dinning hall in silence when Mr. Russ dialed a number. 

   📞*Why am I still seeing the post? Why is it taking so long to bring down a single article?*
   📞*Did you just say first group?*
  📞*Ok,” with that he dropped the call and Mrs. Russ looked at him. 

   “What’s about first group?” Mrs. Russ asked. 

   “The first group seems to be behind the article,” he muttered. 

   “What do you mean? How is that possible?”

   “I don’t know. But the first group are the once’s sponsoring the organization,”

   “What? But it’s a small organization,” 

   “They seem to be digging into us. This is bad,”

   “I believe it’s because we are yet to give them a response concerning the engagement,”

   “It can only be Mr. Packard, that ambitious politician. He is the one pulling the strings in first group,” Mr. Russ muttered clenching his fist. 
 
  Micheal joined them at the dinning hall later, and they both glared at him. 

   “How will you tell responsibility for this?” Mrs. Russ blurted. 

    “The article didn’t say anything to be worried about,” Michael muttered. 

    “Micheal Russ, returned from Australia when he was 8-year-old, and also went to Australia when he was 8-year-old. So where have he been on these years? What’s that if it’s not a scandal?! People will start to gossip, ambitious reporters will get greedy, and start to dig into you. What are you going to do then? How will you take responsibility for the future crisis?!” Mr. Russ shouted, hitting the table. 
   
   “How is that my fault?” Micheal grumbled. He has isn’t in the right state to argue with them. 

    “What did you just say?” Mr. Russ muttered. 

   “I went to Australia when I was eight, and returned when I was eight. How is that any of my fault? Did I sent that that to  the Jornal? How is that any of my faults? Why should I be the one to take responsibilities for it?” He lament, and his parents were confused on why he was being too  emotional. 

    “The Stanford’s are the ones behind the article, that means they are digging into you. This is bad for us, Mike. I gave you options before, but there are no options left. You’ve to accept the engagement!” Mr. Russ said, with that he left the table. 
*
  Micheal exhaled heavily and went to his room to see numerous messages from his friend’s group chat, and also from few other people. He let out a sigh, and a video call came in from his friend’s group —only Austin and Steven were online. 

  📳Austin: *What’s going on, man? What’s that article saying?*
  📳Stanley: *Why haven’t you bring down the article?*
  📳*Austin: *Is it real? What’s really going on, man?*

 Micheal ended the call without uttering a response, and dropped his phone. 
**
**
   CHAIRMAN HEWLETT’S MANSION^^^
^
  Stanley gasped after Micheal ended the call, and Austin sent him a text message immediately. 

   💬Austin: *Man, why do you think Mike was quiet? He didn’t even show him face during the call,*
  💬Stanley: *What nonsense! Mike is probably stressed out,* 
  💬Austin: *Man, I thunk otherwise. Try to dig into it. Mike claimed to have been in Australia all his life, if this suddenly came out now, and Mike does nothing about it… do you think the allegations are true?*
 💬Stanley: *Getbivwr it, man. Mike needs us by his side now, doubting him shouod be the last thing we should be doing,*
 💬Austin: *I know, man, I was just curious that’s all,*

  Stanley left Austin DM and sent a direct message to Michael. 

  💬*Man, are you ok?* with that he dropped his phone. 

  His room door slugs open after a knock, and his mother winked at him making a heart symbol with her fingers. 

    “I’ll join you in a jiffy,” he sneered, and she smiled. 

    “You must be stressed out from school, I’ll send your dinner to your room,”

   “No, mum, I won’t be able to digest it properly. You’re my appetizer,” he said, and she laughed. 

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

    “Hurry and come down before your father returns, she said, and he nodded. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN WILSON’S MANSION^^^
^
  Austin dropped his phone and exhaled heavily before picking it back to send a DM to Micheal. 

   💬*Man, what really happened? Why are you quiet? You’re making me curious. 🧐 * with that he dropped his phone and heard a knock the door. 

  He exhaled heavily and went to freshen up, before going to the main dining hall to join his parents. 

   “Austin, how has school been? I’ve been all over the place that I didn’t even have time to checkup on my boy,” his mother said, patting his hair and Austin sniffed away from her. 
     
   “I bet he is doing just fine, skipping classes and hanging out with his friend,” his father added, and Austin looked at him. 

   “Are you still hanging out with those kids? Austin, when will you ever be serious? I told you those kids are bad influence on you. You go around like a gang intimidating others while skipping classes,” Mrs. Wilson blurted. 

   “I rather say I’m the bad influence,” Austin grumbled. 

   “What did you say?” Mr. Wilson asked. 

   “Your mid-semester examination is fast approaching, how are you preparing for it?” Mrs. Wilson asked. 

    “Nothing special, mummy. I’ve more than enough on my plate. The world basketball tournament is also around the corners, competitions will start soon so I’ve to resume my regular training before that,”

   “Did I just hear you said you have enough on your plates?” Mr. Wilson blurted. 

  “Daddy… I’ve been representing my school all these years, and I always make it to the final. I won a medal last year, although none of you were there but you could watch it on TV if you actually cared. I’ve my things to take care of, ok? I’m entirely useless like you two assume!” He said, and stood up to leave. 

   “Sit back young man, we aren’t done talking!” His mother snapped, and he sat back immediately. 

  “You always at the bottom of your class, so I want you to do better. At least 20% increases in your grades, and I will allow you do whatever you want. Your sisters are very intelligent, but you as the heir is always lacking behind. Everything is meant for you, son, but you’ve to be intelligent to run the company properly,”

   “I’ll do my best, daddy, but I can’t promise 20% increase,” 

   “I’m not negotiating with you, young man. It’s either you do better, 20% and above, or I ground you from basketball!” Mr. Wilson said, and Austin eyes widened. 

    “You do no such! Basketball is my only source of happiness. That’s the only thing I’m good at,”

    “Then you should do better in other things too. If you want to keep what you really want, then do better in other things,” Mr. Wilson said. 

    “Austin, just do your best. Your father and I raised you better. Reduce hanging out with those friends of ours, and focus more on your studies,” Mrs. Wilson added. 

     “There is even a scandal about that Russ’s son. Goodness, Austin, you should really avoid those kids,”

    “Thank you or the meal,” Austin muttered, and returned to his bed. 

   He went online and saw many more post about Micheal. Many some blogs already reposted the news about him. 

   “Why is he not replying his message?” He thought, and placed his phone on his cabin. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
 Everyone at school started talking about the article about Micheal, and doubting its credibility. 

  Paulina arrived at school, and few students came to ask her question about the article, confusing her. 

  She was taken off guard by their questions and they crowed her bombarding her with questions. She was trying to find an escape when Michael came, and dragged her away leading her to his car. 

   “Why did you dragged me down here? They were asking questions about you, you should have answered them,”

   “What’s the point? I’ll only lie to them. You’re the only one I can be honest with,” he muttered, and bowed his head. 

    She let out a sigh, and held his hands which made him look at her. 

   “Mikey, what really happened?” She muttered, and he looked at her. 

    “Will you be jibe anything I tell you?” He asked in a sober tone, and she nodded. 

    “I’ll believe you, so let’s go somewhere else to talk,” she said, and he smiled. 

   “Thank you, Lina,” he muttered, and embraced her. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Things are getting better 😁
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FORTY ONE. 4️⃣1️⃣ 
  
       ❣️❣️His true identity❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 Michael opened his car door, he collected the keys from his driver, and drove off. 

  Paulina looked at him wondering where he was taking her to, then he called his secretary to make reservations at a restaurant for them. 

 They arrived at the restaurant, and he led her to the back of the restaurant where there was a gazebo. 

   “Wow! Who could have thought a place like this exists at the back of the restaurant,” she exclaimed, and he smiled. 

    “I know, right?” He muttered, staring at the serene. 

    “Mike…” she called, touching him, and he looked at her. 

   He placed his other hand on hers and she smiled in reassurance. 

    “I’m sorry… I kept you waiting,” he muttered, and she looked at him confused. 

   “When?” 

  “That day, when we were in elementary school, when I asked you to wait for me at that junction, i tried to be there, but I couldn’t. You must’ve waited, you must have been disappointed,” he muttered, and she looked at him. 

  Even though she already knew that he was her childhood friend, hearing all that reassured her that he was really her friend. 

   “Mike… you remembered that?” She muttered, and he nodded. 

    “That was my only regret when I left. I told you to wait, u promised to show up, I made a promise but I couldn’t fulfill it. That was my only regret. Leaving without saying goodbye, keeping you waiting and you ending up late to school. I’m really sorry for that, Lina. I’ve always waited for this day so I could apologize to you,” he said, and she smiled. 

   “I was really angry at you. I cursed you a lot that day because I was really late for school. I was angry and worried, that I had to go to your class to confirm what append from your friends  because you were absent for so long,” 

   “What? You went to those bullies?”

   “You still remember that?”

    “How could I forget?”

    “Yes, I went to them, but turns out they know nothing either,”

    “I’m sorry. It must’ve been a really hard decision for you, and you must’ve been upset as well. You were so angry when that your friend, Emil… or whatsoever kept you waiting,” 

   “Yeah it was, and I was waiting for you to return so I could punch you,” she said, and hit him playfully. 

   “Ouch…” he whined. 

   “What really happened, Mikey? How did you became an elite overnight?”

   “Everything happened in a blink. I suddenly became an elite, had a new mother, and was introduced to a new world,” he muttered, and shared the story to her. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK to years ago***
*
*
  Mikey hurriedly got dressed for school with determination to arrive at the junction ten minutes earlier and flaunt it at Paulina’s face but unfortunately, his mother was really drunk that day and they had a little misunderstanding, she got really angry, and started raining cursing on him sending him out with a bottle. 

  He ran out as fast as his legs could carry him hoping to escape his mother’s wrath, but unfortunately he almost got hitter by a car, he panic at the instant , and passed out in front of the car.

  He woke up later, and looked around to see an hospital-like room. A nurse entered the ward and he was frightened by nurse look, she appeared like a monster to him, he was able to shut his eyes when another scary looking woman entered, everyone became scary to him and he screamed and closed his eyes immediately. 

  The people around were frightened by his reaction, and the nurse left after injecting his drip. 
*
  He woke up later already feeling better, and his vision was more clear. 

  The nurses and doctors were so good to him, and the elegant couples went in later —Mr.,& Mrs. Russ. 

   They were very nice to him, and they confused him stories about being his biological parents, including a test result that he doesn’t understand. He might be confused by everything, but he understood just one of thier word, when they mentioned that they were the Russ.  His mother always mention that name a lot whenever she was drunk, sending him out of the house to go look for his father Mr. Russ. He never understood her until then, and that was also what she said when she sent him out with a bottle. 

    “Where is my mummy?” He managed to say. 

    “We are your new family now, Michael. I’m your new mother,” Mrs. Russ said, and he shook his head. 

    “Where is my mummy… you can’t be my mother out of the blues, where is my mummyyyy?” He cried, and she smiled wickedly. 

   “The kid is so smart, why did Laura went against our agreement and sent him out instead?” Mr. Russ said. 

   “She must’ve had her reasons, what matters is we’ve Mike but I’ll send people to search for her,” with that she left, and instructed to nurses to inject him with sleeping pills.
*
.*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
 Paulina opened her mouth agape as Micheal finished his story. 

   “Was that it?” She exclaimed. 

   “No, it didn’t end there. I tried to escape from the hospital. Not because I love my mother, but because the place was scary. Opening  my eyes to thier scary faces and all, but turns out they detailed securities to the ward. They returned later with a video by my mother that proves that I was the Russ’s son, but it was still difficult for me to accept. I found it difficult to adjust in the new world I was suddenly introduced to, until one day, my new mother told me that my mother is d£ad, she confessed to kllling her…” he said, and his hands started trembling. 

  Paulina gave him a reassuring smile, and held his hand.he glanced at her, tears welling in his eyes. 

   “She Klled my mummy,” he cried, and she embraced him. 

  She has never seen him that weary before, even when they were kids, he was always filled with energy, no one could tell that he was being mistreated by his mother. 

    She told me she kllled her, and threaten to klll me too,” he cried. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK to many years ago***
*
  Micheal glared at Mrs. Russ who entered the ward all smiles, and he looked away when he walked to her bedside. 

   “I love you proving hard to get, so I brought you some gifts,” she said, and he glared at her. 

   “I don’t want your gifts, I don’t like you so just  leave!” He blurted, and turned to the other side of the bed. 

   “I don’t like you either,” Mrs. Russ said, and he looked at her immediately. “That’s why I’m taking you back to your mother. My husband can be your father,  but that will never make me your mother,” she blurted, and he batted his lashes in fear. 
*
  They left the hospital in silence, and she drove him to a cemetery. 

    “Do you know what this place is?” She asked, and he started shivering in fear. 

    “Why did you brought me here? You said you’re going to take me to my mother,” he cried. 

    “She is here, why? I kllled her because you kept wanting to go to her, so I’ve to kill her,” she muttered, scaring him. 

  He tried to open the door, but it was already shut. He hit the window crying for help, but no one could hear him. She laughed wickedly, and pulled him by the collar. 

   “Look at me!” She snapped, and he looked at her immediately. 
    “If you ever cry to return to your mother again, I’ll get rid of you and make you join her here. You’re now a Russ, and should never look back to the trash you left behind. The moment you take a liking in places like this, I’ll send you and whatsoever you take a liking for to where you belong. Where? Next to your mother. Do I make myself clear?” She asked, shooting dagger at him with her glares abd he nodded in fear. “Can’t you speak!” She shouted, shaking him vigorously. 

     “Yessss, yes, yes. I understand,” he cried. 

    “I’m glad to see that we are on same page. I could easily get rid of you and convince my husband to move on. Why? Because we have been living just fine before we thought of you. But seeing how obedient you are, I suddenly like you so I’m now interested in being your mother. But before I accept you as my son, you’ve to promise me that you won’t associate with lowly people or think of the trash you left behind, because my son should step on those lowly people, cause that’s where they belong, right under your feet. Do I made myself clear?” She asked, and he nodded. “Can I hear you promise me that?”

    “I promise, I promise,”

    “That’s not sounding genuine to me, I’ve a dewing that you would still want to return here,” she said, laughing wickedly and he shook his head. 

   “No, I won’t. I won’t ever associate with the likes of here again. I promise never to do go anything to upset you. I won’t ever consider lowly people again,” he said, 

   “That’s good. So you are now my son, and I’m now your…?”she asked, and he shivered in fear. 

   “Mother,” he shivered, and she smiled patting his hair. 
*
  They returned to the hospital together, and met Mr. Russ there.

    “Sweetheart, what happened? Where did you take him? You aren’t even answering your calls,” he said worriedly, and she smiled. 

    “We just went sightseeing together. Micheal, baby, daddy is here,” she said, and Mr. Russ looked at her in confusion. 

    “Daddy,” he called, and his eyes widened. 

   “Oh, my. How did you do it?” He asked in disbelief. 

    “Kids are very warmhearted, you just have to show them your true intentions,” she said, patting Michael’s hair, and Mr. Russ grinned widely. 

    “You’re really amazing, sweetheart,” he stated, and she smiled looking at Michael who forced a smile. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Paulina embraced Micheal who was still in tears as he concluded his story. 

    “I don’t know how to comfort you Mike, but I’m really sorry for what happened to your mother,” she said, and he disentangled himself from her embrace. 

   “It’s fine now, I’ve a new family now, a new name, and I also have you,” he said, and she embraced him. “I’ve might have failed my promise to you in the past, but I’ll never fail you again. I’ll make sure I protect you from everyone, from Ava, my mother, and any other person that would harm you,” he assured, and placed a kiss on her forehead. 
*
  Neither of them returned back to school, they entered the restaurant and place their orders, they ate and engaged in random conversations before they went sightseeing. He took her to several places, before night drawn, and he drove her home to the Stanford’s mansion. 

   “Good night, Lina, you made my day,” he waved. 

   “Although I’m not the type to skip school to go bunking but I admit, I had a blast, thank you,” she waved back and he blew her a kiss before he drove off. 
*
  She laid flat on her bed and remembered everything that happened again. 

   “Mike, is really Mikey,” she muttered, in wonderment. 
**
**
   LOUIS’S HOUSE^^^
^
  Mr. Ethan woke up very early in the morning and went to freshen up and shaved his breads, and use the clipper to cut his hair neatly before he clad into one of the dress that Louis got for him. 

  After getting dressed he went out, and met Louis in the living room. 

    “Mr. Ethan, good morning, sir. You look so different today,”

   “There is somewhere I’ve to be,”

   “I’m sorry if I’m prying, but is Charlotte aware?”

   “Louis, Charlotte and I have different games to play, we’ve separate enemies,” he said, patting Louis shoulder. 

    “Sir, I thought we had an agreement,”

   “Yes we do. I won’t get dirts in my hands till the elections are over, but I have to be prepared even before then. I trust you to take good care of Charlotte,”

   “I won’t accept your blessings now, sir,” Louis said, and Mr. Ethan chuckled. “When this is all over… I’ll accept it then. So please… be around then,” he said, and Mr. Ethan smiled. 

   “Dad, where are you off to?” They heard Charlotte voice from behind. “Dad, where are you going to?”

   “I’ve somethings to attend to,” he said, and she grabbed his hand in fear. 

   “Dad, you aren’t going to Mr. Packard, right?”

   “Charlotte, your father is not that reckless,”

   “So where are you going to all dressed up?!” She shouted. 

   “I’ve to pick up somethings in the safe I told you about years ago, if we want to fight, we need capitals “ he whispered in her ear.

    “Dad…” 

  “Be good, Charlotte,” with that he patted her shoulders, and nodded to Louis before leaving. 

   “Louis, please stop him,” she cried, and Louis embraced her. 

   “I’m sure he will keep to his promise,” he assured, and she sobbed to his chest. 

   “I’m so scared, Louis,” she cried 
**
**
    CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION ^^^
^
 Micheal left bed remembering his day yesterday with Paulina. 

   “Does this mean that we’re a couple now?” He thought, and started giggling on his bed. “Wait! She never said so,” he muttered, and a message beeped into his phone. 

  He took his phone and hissed quietly when he saw numerous messages from his friendship group chat. 

  “I’ve to confirm our relationship first before I send her a message,” he thought but he couldn’t control his fingers to send a morning greeting message. 

   💬*Good morning, Paulina. Thank you for making my day yesterday. See you at school ❤️*

   “Wait! Should I have added that love emoji?” He thought, and wanted to edit it when a call came through his phone from Mr. Jones, but he ignored it to edit his message when a message beeped in from Mr. Jones. 

   💬*Your attention is needed in the main dinning hall, sir,* it reads, and he hissed out loud. 

  Before he could edit the message, Paulina already replied. 

   💬*Same, Micheal*. Reading it made him giggled. 

   “I called her Paulina, and she called me Micheal. Is that some kind of pet name? Does that means we are a couple now?” He thought, and before he could drool over it, another call came through his phone from Mr. Jones, he ended it and replied his message before going to freshen up 
*
  He got to the main dinning room and met his father on the phone with someone, and his mother looking serious and he instantly understood what was going on. 

   “Good morning,” he muttered, and took his seat. 

   “How will you take responsibility for this, Mike?” Mr. Russ asked, after he dropped the call. 

   “What again, dad?” He asked, and Mr. Russ hit the table vigorously. 

   “What again? You messed up big time and you dare to ask me that?!” Mr. Russ shouted, and Micheal looked at his mother hoping she enlightened him. 

    “The ICT team where unable to bring that list about you down, instead it all over the internet so the legal team filed a petition, and the organization was willing to appeal in court with evidence that proves thier claim,” Mrs. Russ said, and Micheal exhaled heavily. 

  “What do we do, dad?” He exclaimed, already fed up. 

  “One thing. I already called for an emergency press conference, not just to clarify the situation on ground, but I’ll also officialize your engagement to the Stanford’s daughter,”

    “Dad…”

   “That’s our only way out,”

   “How can that help the scandal?”

   “Because the Stanford’s are behind this. We’ve to know the root of a problem to find solutions,” Mr. Russ said, and Michael’s cutleries fell off his hands. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Paulina got to school all smiles, and a woman approached her. 

   “Hi,” the woman waved, and she looked at her. 

   “Good morning, ma’am,”

    “I’m in a hurry, but I hope you read this,” the woman said, and gave her a piece of paper  before running off. 

    “Wait. Who are you?” Paulina shouted, but the woman already ran out of sight. 

   Paulina unwrapped the piece of paper and reed the contempt. 

   📝*If you truly care about Micheal, you will stay away from him. His past is starting to haunt him, and the Stanford’s are the only ones that can help him stand firmly again.* the note reads, and Paulina looked around wondering who the woman was. 

    “Babe, you are already at school. Did you saw the news?” Sophia asked running to Paulina who stared at her dumbfounded. “Babe, are you ok?” She asked, and Paulina squeezed the note and smiled. 

  “What? What news?” She asked, and Sophia’s jaw dropped. 

   “Chairman Russ just confirmed Michael’s  engagement to Ava, and Micheal was also present at the press conference,” Sophia said, and Paulina nodded taking her leave. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED….
.
  What next?
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FORTY TWO. 4️⃣2️⃣
  
   ❣️❣️journey of repentance ❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  Paulina went to class and glanced at the MASS empty seats before taking her own seat. 

 During the class, she couldn’t stop thinking about the contempt of the note, and what Sophia told her earlier. She was never the type to be absentminded in class, but the thoughts of everything was overwhelming. She was so engrossed in her thoughts that she didn’t notice when the MASS enter the class until Micheal walked up to her. 

    “Are you ok?” He asked, and she looked at him with a smile. 

    “You’re here,” she muttered, and he nodded. 

    “Let’s have lunch together, later,” he said, and she nodded before he proceed to his seat. 

   Austin waved at her, and Stanley winked at her but Steven wasn’t with them.  

   “Who cares about him,” she grumbled, and started wondering the situation he might be facing. 
*
  Later during recess, Paulina followed the MASS to their suite, and Micheal lead her to his study. Austin already gave her a tour around their suite, but she has never entered the study before, he told her it was Michael’s domain, and no one dares to trespass. There was nothing sightseeing there, it was filled with documents, books, and a personal computer. She started wondering how difficult it must’ve been for him to live that way, remembering everything Sophia told her about him. 

   “This is your office here?” She said, and he nodded. 

   “You can call it that. I do nothing but study here,” he said, and she nodded. 

   “Following its name, study room, that could only be its purpose,” she said, and he smiled. 

   “Why aren’t you asking me anything?” He asked later, and she looked at him. 

   “What?” She muttered, feigning ignorance because she knew he was referring to the news about him. 

    “Stop feigning ignorance, the entire school are talking about it,”

    “I know you have no choice. There is a scandal about you, so I believe you are probably doing this for a reason,” she said, following the contents of the note. 

    “Yes, I’m sorry. My true identity is my weakness.  It could jeopardize my future, and everything I’ve worked so hard for will be in vain. We live in a society where being an illegitimate is a crime,”

    “If being with Ava will be good for you, then you should do it,” she said, and he looked at her. 

    “What about us?” He muttered, and she held his hand. 

    “I’m still here, Mike, we will always be friends,” she assured and he shook his head. 

    “Just until the rumors about me dle down, just until I don’t need her anymore, just until I can stand on my own, just until we graduate from high school. I really don’t know, Lina, but will you still be there?” He muttered, and she nodded. 

    “Yes, Mike, I’ll still be here. I believe you will gather the strength needed to stand firmly on your own. You are right, we live in a society where being an illegitimate makes you an outcast,” she muttered, and he embraced her. 

    “Thank you, Lina, I promise to get this sorted out soon, I promise,” he muttered, and she nodded. 
*
  They sat together in his study ik silence, she could instantly tell that he didn’t know how to face his friends. 

    “Why did you broke up with Ava? I heard that you were head over heels for her,” 

    “I was, but she broke up with me and I have no feelings for her anymore,”

   “Why did she broke up with you?” She asked, and he looked at her 

    “She called me a piece of trash, and broke up with me,”

    “Why? Why would she call you such?”

   “I was also confused, so I kept pestering her until she released the bombshell. She found out about my biography, and dumped me because we can’t be in the same standard. That’s what she had against me, and that’s why she broke up with me,” he said, and she gasped. 

    “That must’ve been really painful,”

   “I was heartbroken because she left me for being an illegitimate, not because I was affected by her absence. I instantly realized that no one will ever accept me for who I am, I’ve to live on with no who knowing about my past. That was why I was hurt, she left me for being me,” 

    “How did she found out?” She asked, perplexed. 

   “Through an anonymous informant,”

   “Who could that be? That means someone else is aware of your true identity,”

    “Just me, my parents, and of course my biological mother. And now, Ava, and you. So who could the informant be?”

   “Do you think it’s your mother?” She asked, and he shook his head. 

   “It was me,”

   “What?”

   “I was feeling overwhelmed by everything. I’ve to live like this for the rest of my life when I’m not  even a real elite. I wanted to be true to myself for once. There is no way I could tell my friends, so I think of the best way to tell her, and sent it anonymously. Surprisingly, she reacted to it almost immediately. She called me a piece of trash, and left. But I still refuse to believe that she left me because of that, so I became persistent bug that was it. She threaten to expose me if I ever go close to her, and with that we went our separate paths. She went to England, and I continued living my life,”

    “Oh… you must’ve really loved her for you to confidently send that to her,”

    “I guess I did. She was my first. Since I became Micheal Russ, I devoted myself to being strong so I can win against my mother, and I can only do that if I was above her, so I worked really hard. I thought it was fate when we first met, she smiled so brightly, and for the first time, I met a girl who wasn’t drooling over me. She was dauntless, and filled with vigor, so had a lot of admirers, and they were always intimidated by her presence. All those qualities got me attached to her, I guess I was already used to the aura my mother processes, so I got carried away by that and found myself falling for her strength. Ava is really scared of no one, I bet you know better,” he said, and she nodded. 

   “ I wonder why she changed her mind about the engagement,”

   “Because she wants me to be her puppet. She thought that’s all I worth, that’s why I would never drag myself to that position,” 

    “If you liked Ava because of her strength, then why do you like me? You clearly like strong women, and I’m not fit for that,”

    “When we were younger, others bully you for being weak, so I thought of a way to protect you from them, and we eventually became friends. I can’t say my feelings develop then, because we were just kids and innocent. We enjoyed each other’s company and that’s all it was. But when we met again, when Ava bullied you on your first day, I was happy to see my long friend again, and I was frightened that I might not be able to protect you this time. I could say it all started because i wanted you to be safe. You were cast out and stepped on because you were different from them, but you were not different from me. We’re both outcast in this school that represents a world on its own. That was it, I fell for you while trying to protect you because we are both the same,” he said, and she chuckled. 

    “I don’t know if I should drool over that. Or, shouod I applaud m myself for being weak?” She teased, and he chuckled. 

   “I don’t care about strength anymore, I was just carried away by stress and think I could release some stress with her. But I was wrong, I was even more stressed when we started dating,” he said, and she scoffed. 

    “We shouod go join the others,” she said, and he gestured in agreement. 
*
  They went to join the others who seem to be having a serious conversation. 

    “What’s wrong?” Micheal asked. 

   “Austin might have to quit basketball,” Stanley muttered. 

    “What? What happened man? Are you sick? Did you hurt your back or your legs? Do you need surgery? I’ll get the best doctor in the world to fix it, you can’t quit. Not now, not until you graduate to work at your company. You can’t quit now!” Micheal said, and they all looked at him. 

   “I never said I would!” Austin blurted. 

   “Then what’s Stanley saying?”

   “His father threatened to ground him from basketball,” Stanley said. 

    “What nonsense! Is it because of your attendance? Is he at it again? You guys shouldn’t have waited for me, you should have gone ahead to class,”

    “If the penalty of skipping classes will cost me basketball, I would be the first in class every morning. I don’t love you guys that much,” Austin  said. 

   “Did he complain about your lavish spending?” Micheal asked. 

   “Then he should have just seized my cards,” Austin muttered. 

    “Then what the f¥ck happened?!” Micheal snapped, starling Paulina. 

    “He has to get at least 20% on his mid-semester examination, else he will be grounded,” Stanley said. 

   “Have you thought of another sport you like? You are quite the athlete,” mifheal said, and they all chuckled expect Austin who glared at him. 

   “I’m not giving up on basketball, never! I’m going to win a trophy in the next tournament,” with that he burst out. 

    “Man, you are too harsh,” Stanley said unable to control his laughters. 

   “He is barely managing to maintain his place at the bottom, how do you expect him to fly to 20% when the mid-semester examination is just around the corners,” 

    “It’s really easy for a bottom student to do 20% better than a top student,” Paulina said. 

    “In that case, it’s easily for a pauper to become an elite than Austin to do 20% better,” Stanley said. 

 Paulina and Micheal steal glances at each other before looking away nervously. 

  “That being said… guys, I think I’ve to buckle my shoes. I’m starting to slip,” Stanley said, and they both looked at him. 

   “Slip, as how?” Micheal asked. 

   “Man, this is really serious. I did a mock mathematics exam last night, it was an hour exam, but I barely managed to answer the questions within the time limit. I even guess some of the answers, I didn’t have enough time to solve them. Man, I’m do0med!” He said, Micheal exhaled heavily. 

   “What sort of exam is that?” 

   “It was just for fun. It’s for master’s students, I applied for the mock exams online for fun, turns out everyone could apply. But I couldn’t even meet the target,” 

   “Master’s exam?” Micheal repeated. 

   “That’s not the point, man. It was a math exam,” he whined, and Micheal shook his head before patting Stanley’s shoulder. 

     “I had enough of you, guys,” Micheal grumbled, and let out a heavy sigh. 

    “I think I’ve a way out,” Stanley exclaimed, and they both looked at him. 

    “I actually hope it’s a good way, so you would do better in the next professor’s exam,” Micheal said. 

    “This is my way out,” he muttered, and brought out a card. 

    “Isn’t that the card to the maths club?” Paulina asked. 

   “This is my last shot,” 

   “But Jessica would never approve you,” Michael said. 

  “I got it all planned, so just wish me luck,”

   “Seems like you got it all planned out before now,” Micheal exclaimed. 

   “I need to sort out myself, I really need to do this,” he whined, and left. 

    “Do you think he is really going to the math club?” Paulina asked, and Micheal shook his head. 

    “No. He is going to wait for Austin to convince him. I had enough of those guys,” Micheal exclaimed.
**
**
 IN AN UNKNOWN PLACE^^^
^
 Mr. Ethan crossed his legs in a dark room, and he turned on the light when he heard footsteps approaching. 

   “Boss…”. A man called upon seeing him, and he immediately fell to his knees. 

   “Don… you… you got nothing off your sleeves, you don’t even have guts, so why could you betray me?”

  “Boss… I… I was threaten, I confessed to you that I was threatened. My brother is the only family I had, and he was abducted by Mr. Packard, my brother just wanted to have a good life, he just wanted to study and be a doctor. He is weak, and scared. I had to save him,”

    “You said so. And that made you weaker,” Mr. Ethan said, and patted his shoulder. “What shouod I do with you, Don? You betrayed me, I lost my father, and almost lost my daughter. It was all your fault, Don. I lost two, while you were trying to save one. That wasn’t your promise to me when I took you in back then,” he said, and Don started to shiver, remembering the past. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK to when Don was a teenager***
*
   Don ran out of the stationary trying to escape those running after him when a car pulled up in the front of him. 

   “Get in, kid,” Mr. Ethan who was seated at the backseat said, and Don quickly entered the car when he saw a police van, and the car drove off in hurry, escaping the police. 
*
  The car drove nonstop even after they have escaped the police van, and Don started shivering in fear. 

   “Sir… where are you taking me?” He shuddered. 

   “I assume you are dauntless  that’s why you could steal, but turns out I was wrong. I’ve been observing you for while, but I can’t believe I got the wrong impression about you,”

    “Sir… I’m not a thief,”

   “You just got released from juvenile prison for theft. And now… you robbed a stationary. What’s this? A dictionary?”

   “My brother needs this. I didn’t intend to steal it,”

   “I know. We all have reasons for everything we do. From now henceforth, you won’t need to steal from others again, you will join me and we will make good fortunes together,”

   “What do you mean by that, sir?”

   “I mean… you would be able to afford everything your brother will ever want, and more,” he said, and Don eyes brightened. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Mr. Ethan chuckled looking at Don who was pleading. 

   “This isn’t how I raised you, Don,” 

   “I’m really sorry, sir. I’ve been repenting ever since,”  

   “Admiring to your sins, and pleading for mercy is for loser… because it can’t change anything.  How have you been repenting?”

   “Sir,”

   “What do you have on those Packard’s? That’s how to repent. It’s not called repentance without a weapon “

    “Sir… the Packard’s are really a strong and discreet family, I got nothing on them,” 

    “There you go lying again. I thought you have repenting, but you still have a long way to go. Why did I even summoned you here?”

    “Sir, I don’t want to drag you into this any longer. Mr. Packard… he is my enemy now. So allow me get back at him for you, if anyone had to go to jail… it should be me,”

   “Why should you go to jail? If anyone has to go to jail, then it should be the villain, we can only accompany them. So tell me, what do you have?”

   “I’ve been monitoring the Packard’s since you went to jail, and something suspicious happened,”

   “Now I’m interested,” Mr. Ethan said, patting his back and Don forced a smile. 
*
  He went to seat, and showed Mr. Ethan a picture of a man. 

   “Who is this?” Mr. Ethan asked. 

  “I don’t know. I dint know how is he is related to the Packard’s, but he is somewhat suspicious. Mr. Packard sent him to jail right after you went to jail, he was locked up in the detention centre without trail.”

  “What was his crime?” 

  “He drunk drive, and caused an accident,”

   “Oh…”
   
  “But he wasn’t the one driving the car. A lady was the driver but they both fell unconscious after the accident and the lady wasn’t found in the crime scene afterwards, and the car was also disposed

   “How sure are you?”
  
  “I was there. I coincidentally to witness it,”

   “Why are you telling me this?” Mr. Ethan asked, yawning loudly. 

   “Because he could be the Packard weakness,”

   “How? I’m getting bored,”

   “He got released years ago, he was lucky to meet a mafia boss who offered him a job in jail and helped him out, but he has been stalking the Packard’s since then. Most especially Mr. Packard’s granddaughter. She noticed at a point, and had a confrontation with him before she left the country. She left, after her last confrontation with him,”

   “Wow! What do you assume?” Mr. Ethan exclaimed. 

   “I believe he has a connection with the Packard’s, a close connection. So I’ve been keeping a close watch on him since then. Recently, a reporter wrote a story about the accident from years ago, but the post got deleted, and the reporter went AWOL,” 

  “Don, this will be your final repentance. I prefer to work with a traitor because I know they might  betray me again. And you know me well, I like risking it all. Charlotte is so soft, she is just like her mother, and I’m glad she grew up that way, but because of that… I can’t take action the right way,”

   “Miss Charlotte is alive?”

  “I’m not done talking,”

  “I’m all ears, sir,”

   “Gosh… where was I? Yes. I wang you to bring this man to me in whatever you can, that will be your first assignment for your final repentance. If he really has something against the Packard’s, then I could use him while I fulfill my promise to Charlotte “ he said, and Don bowed. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Hmmm…
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FORTY THREE. 4️⃣3️⃣
.
     ❣️❣️ imperfect disguise❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Paulina met Sage by the elevator when school dismissed  later and she smiled upon seeing him. 

   They went to his car together, and he looked at her.  

   “Are you ok?” He asked, and she nodded. 

   “Sage, I know you have doubts about Mike with all those rumors and the engagement, but there is more to the story. I won’t ask you to trust him, and I won’t stop you from confessing either,”

    “You assume too much. Can’t I worry about you as a friend? You look so weary, and I was worried,”

      “Yeah… I was really stressed, with the mid-semester exam coming up, and the school teaching syllabus is different from the one I’m used to,”

     “You need to relax, that will help you prepare for the coming exam. The students might look unserious, but their grades shouldn’t be taken for granted,” he said, and she chuckled. 

   “Thank you, Sage,” 

   “To the bus station, or straight home?” 

   “I’ll find my way from the bus station,”

    “Why do you enjoy taking the bus?”

    “It’s faster. Taking the bus is faster than a taxi or a private ride,”

    “I doubt,”

   “You’ve never tried it before, so shhh…” she teased, and he chuckled. 
*
  They arrived at the bus station, and she thanked him before alighting from his car. 

  She went to seat to wait for the next bus when a familiar face walked up to her. He looks familiar and also unfamiliar. She tried to figure out where she have seen the face and instantly realized that he is the ragged man —he was now looking clean, his breeds were properly shaved, and he wore freshen and glean clothes. 

    “Hi, little miss,” he said, and she looked at him in shock wondering why he was talking to her—he acted like she doesn’t exist the last time, and now he is suddenly being friendly. But she put all the thoughts away, and compared herself. 

   “Good afternoon, sir. Are you also taking the bus?” She asked, and he shook his head. 

   “I’m not taking the bus, neither do I live around the neighborhood you saw me the last time. Avoid being friendly to everyone, not everyone appears the way they look. Have a nice day,” with that he stopped a taxi and left. 

    “What’s that about?” She grumbled, staring at the taxi until a bus arrived. 
*
  She found herself alighting at the station closet to the noodle’s restaurant, and tried to reassure herself that she wasn’t going there for Steven. 

    “Their noodles is very tasty, why should I miss it  because of him when I’ll get a free coupon soon,” she said, trying to reassure herself as she stopped a taxi. 

  She arrived at the noodles restaurant, and was surprised to meet it under construction.
   
    “Am I at the wrong place?” She pounded, and saw the owner of the restaurant. 
   “Oh, Mr., Mr.,” she called waving at him, and he smiled upon seeing her. 

  He approached her with a smile, and she smiled back. 
*
 They both went in together, and he narrated the unfortunate event that happened to her —their restaurant caught fire, and before they help could arrive, a lot of faculties were already damaged. 

   “Oh… I’m so sorry about that,”

   “It’s fine. I’m glad that you dropped by. A lot of regular customers have been coming around. But we will be back to business soon. I hope Steven has been good?”

    “Steven? Isn’t he here,”

   “He left the day before yesterday. It was a relief that he wasn’t around when the incident happened,”

    “He didn’t come since he left?”

   “No, he didn’t. He is just a part-time worker. He started working here recently. He is such a diligent lad, I don’t pay him much, he only receive a tip in addition to staying here.  Even though it wasn’t convenient,”

    “What? Steven lives here?”

   “Yes. Aren’t you aware?”

   “We recently became friends, so we haven’t exchanged that much information,”

    “Oh… so you also know nothing about him,”

   “I guess,”

   “I believe he has some situation at home back then. He should have returned home by now. Finding a part-timer as diligent as him will be probably impossible,”
*
  The man prepared noddles for her, and she ate before leaving, thinking about Steven. 

    “How could he disappear from the noodles restaurant as well?” She thought, and started wondering if those thugs went after him again after she left. 
*
*
  The week fly by so fast, during the days that passed, the students stop talking about Michael’s engagement and the rumors, and the groundless article who brought down. During those days, Steven has been absent and his friends were equally worried about him. They tried all means to reach out to him, but he seems to have disappeared completely. 

  Paulina found herself sending him a text on Saturday morning. She was unable to sleep well all night thinking about him and what we could have happened to him. 

   “It was my fault, I shouldn’t have left when he asked me to,” she thought, staring at her phone screen. 

 A message beeped in from Sage to enlighten her mood and she hurried out of bed to freshen up. He already invited her in advance to go fishing with his family that Saturday, and she was so excited about it. The thoughts of going fishing reminded her of the time she spent with her mother, and she started missing those moments again. 
*
  She went downstairs when Sage arrived, and he opened the car door for her. 

   “I’m sorry for delaying you,” she said, and he shook his head. 

   “I didn’t even wait a minute. You must’ve been excited,”

    “I am,” she exclaimed, and he chuckled. 

  “Getting this excited over fishing is making me wonder if there is actually something fun about it. My mum and sister are equally excited over it,”

    “Fishing is fun, especially when you catch something big,” she said, and they both laughed. 
*
  They arrived at the airport, and met his parents and sisters there. 

    “Lina,” Clara waved cheerfully, and Paulina waved back all smiles. 

   She exchanged greetings with his parents, and they left in their private jet. 

   “I didn’t know  we are traveling this far to fish,” Paulina said, and Sage chuckled. 

   “This is the hassle we go through to fish. Mum never settle for any place close by,” he whispered, and she chuckled. 
*
  They arrived around an island, and Clara dragged Paulina with her to take pictures while sage and his father sat thier tent, and Mrs. Greenwood was settling their fishing tools. 

   “Hey, Clara, you will run out if energy if you keep running about like that,” Mr. Greenwood shouted, but they ignored him. 

    “They seem to be having a blast,” Sage muttered, and his father laughed. 

    “Hey, girls, time to start fishing,” Mrs. Greenwood announced and they both joined her 

  The men sat behind watching them as they put in efforts to catch fishes. 

    “Is she your girlfriend now?” Mr. Greenwood asked Sage, and he shook his head. 

    “I wish she would accept my feelings,” 

   “She rejected you?” He asked with widened eyes. 

   “I still have three trials left,”

    “Why are you being so nice to her after she rejected you? You when made your mother adjust her fishing plans for you,”

    “Dad… am I supposed to hate her because she rejected me?”

    “I’m not advising you to, but can you watch her be with another man?” Mr. Greenwood asked. 

     “Dad… I still have three trials left. Wish me luck ahead,”

    “Is this your string to make her accept you?”

     “Bro, Lina caught a big fish!” Clara shouted, and Sage waved. 

     “She has been so stressed these days, and I know this would help her relive some stress. With the mid-semester exams coming up… this is just perfect,”

     “But you hate fishing,”

     “You blabber too much, dad,” Sage teased, and left to join the ladies.
*
  They catch a lot of fishes, and prepared dishes with them. 

    “Wow, it’s so delicious,” Mr. Greenwood said. 

   “You love fish dishes but can’t even fish ,” Mrs. Greenwood teased. 

     “You don’t have to fish to enjoy these, we could  just buy some at the market,” Sage defended. 

   “Then get your hands off that and go buy some at the market!” Clara blurted hitting his hands. 

    “Lina, you are really good at this,” Mrs. Greenwood said. 

    “I enjoy fishing,”

    “Then I should always invite you whenever I’m going fishing,”
 
     “With all pleasure, ma’am,”

     “Mum, we aren’t going to fish after the mid-semester exams anymore, right?” Sage inquired. 

    “Was that why you made us come now? Do you’ve plans after the exams?”

    “The break after the exam is very short, so here is nothing much to plan,”

    “Mum, I’m going on a trip with Sally and Didi. Their uncle will take us, we are visiting thier grandpa’s farm,” Clara said. 

    “That’s a nice adventure for your age,” Mrs. Greenwood stated. 

   “Won’t that be too dangerous? If they are visiting a farm, then it would be unsafe for kids,”
Mr. Greenwood protested 

    “Dad…” 

   “That’s enough. We will ensure it’s safe before sending her there. Sage, you should also do something after your exams,” Mrs. Greenwood said. 

    “Lina, do you have plans?” Mr. Greenwood asked. 

    “I haven’t thought about anything yet, sir,” she muttered. 

    “Good! Then you can just make plans with Sage. You both can go to Europe together. It’s a short break, so you should take advantage of it,”

    “Dad, why would we go to Europe together?” Sage snapped. 

    “You guys are friends, right? So, what’s bad with going on a short vacation with your friend?” 

    “Do friends do that these days?” Mrs. Greenwood teased. 

    “What? Shouod you go on a vacation with your enemy instead?” He blurted. 

   “Sage, I thought Lina is now your girlfriend,” Clara said, and Paulina looked at her. 

    “Shut your mouth, and eat up. And dad… no body said Lina and I will spend our break together,” Sage remarked, promoting Mr. Greenwood to raise his hands in surrender, and his wife shot him a sly wink.  
   
  The kids went to play around after eating, and Paulina took her time to teach Sage how to fish. After spending few hours at the island, they left. 

  Paulina instantly made up her mind about Sage while she was there. He is a cool guy, and she is always confused about her feelings because it seems like she has mutual feelings for him and Micheal, but she made up her mind to choose Micheal. He has it all, families, real friends, and true identity. Like an outcast, Micheal is emotionally alone, and she’s similarly adrift. 
**
**
  IN AN UNKNOWN PLACE^^^
^
  Mr. Ethan blew out a heavy smoke when the door slugs open and Don walked in. 

    “Do you’ve news or you are just wandering?”

   “Sir, I don’t know if this will worth your time, but I found out something,”

  “Don’t leave me curious,”

  “The man I mentioned the last time, his name is Jerry,”

   “Is that the news?”

   “He met with Mr. Packard’s daughter, and they had a little argument. I think they dated in the past, and he might likely have a thing on her that pose a threat to her election,”

   “How valid is your claim?”

   “I approached him. I tried to get him to our side as you requested, but he attacked me with a confusing question. He asked if I belonged to the opponent party and wanted to jeopardize her election,”

    “And what was your response?”

    “I was lost at first, but I told him we are on same side,” 

    “And?”

   “He simply chuckled, and left,”

    “It’s settled! We now have something against the Packard, but that’s not enough to send them to jail “

    “What’s that, boss?”

   “Can’t you put yours words together? If there was a relationship between that man and that Packard’s daughter in the past before the Packard’s sent him to jail, and whatever he had on her could jeopardize her election. What do you think that could be?”

   “Her daughter…”

   “We’re close! But revealing that won’t send them to jail, so we need another way,” he muttered. 

    “Sir, but we could still shake up the election even if they would cover it somehow, at least they would also be shaken,”

    “Nah… I should hit it as hard as he did to me. Taking him off guard,” Mr. Ethan muttered ticking his fingers. 
**
**
  Paulina hanged out with Sophia the following day, and they talked about her day with the Greenwood’s before they called it a day later in the evening and she dropped by at the noddles restaurant hoping they would be back in business soon, but they weren’t. 

  She boarded a taxi bavk, and she saw a familiar person engaged in a fight on her way. She asked the taxi to reverse, and she ran down when she confirmed that the person was likely Steven. 

   “Steven!” She shouted, and they all stopped to look at her. 

  Another person aimed at him to hit him unaware, but she was quick to hit the person with a stick she was nearby, and another person hit her to the ground   

   “Lina!” He shouted, as she groaned in pain. 

  He gathered his strength and knocked them off before going to her. 

   “Come on, let’s leave this place,” he said, helping her up. 

   “Who are they?” She asked. 

   “More are nearby,” he muttered, and she stood up in fear. 

  They ran off holding hands until they were far from the scene, trying to find a taxi in the dark. 

    “Why did you get involved? Didn’t I made myself clear the last time?” He yelled. 

    “Steven… you don’t look good,”

    “What do you care? I asked you to avoid me,”

    “Why? I thought we are friends,”

    “But I cut that ties,”

    “That’s not now easy it is to stop being friends. You didn’t build that friendship alone, so you can’t easily cut it,” she muttered, and he ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. 

    “Don’t you get it. I’m a dangerous owdoam, and I’m on the run,” he said, and she flinched in fear but tried hard to hid it. 

   “On the run? What’s your crime?”

   “Gosh! You blabber too much. Let’s just hope we get a taxi before they find us “

    “Who are they?”

    “They are murders. They could murder anyone, and they are on a kiss ok to catch me,” he said, and he’s heart raced in fear. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION^^^
^
  Micheal was busy all day in his study, and stepped out later to have dinner. The new chef set the table for him, and he dismissed everyone expect her. 

   “Why are you always avoiding eye contact with  me?” He muttered, and she bowed her head lower. 

   “I’m following instructions, sir,” 

   “I doubt! If you were, you wouldn’t have over step your boundaries,” he muttered, and she fell on her knees immediately. 

   “Sir, I apologize for anyways I might have gone wrong, sir. I promise to make amends,”

    “Why are you so frightened? I haven’t even talked much,”

    “I’m so sorry, sir,”

    He scoffed, and pushed the food away and it spreads all over the place. 

   “Clean that up,” he ordered, and she started gathering it together with her hands. “Is that as fast as you can go?” He blurted. 

   “I’m sorry, sir. I’ll go get a broom to clean it 

   “No, use your hands,” he said. 

   “Yes, sir,” she muttered, and continued cleaning. 

  He let out a sigh in frustration, and ran his fingers through his hair before looking at her. 

   “How long do you plan to keep this up?” He muttered. 

   “I’m going as fast as I can, sir,”

   “Do you really think your disguise is perfect?” He muttered, and she froze immediately. “Mum,” he added, and she looked at him. 
.
  TO BE CONTINUED…
.
   What the… 😮
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FORTY FOUR. 4️⃣4️⃣
.
        ❣️❣️ The blackmail❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  Paulina counted few steps away from Steven in shock, wondering the business he had with murders, and his ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. 

    “Please… I hope that is enough for you to stay away from me. I don’t want anyone to get hurt because of me again,” 

    “Again?” She repeated, her heart beating fast. 

    “Don’t ask questions. I’ll find a taxi, and ensure you get home safely while you can,”

    “What about you?”

    “I can take care of my business, so mind yours,”

    “No you can’t. You should report them to the police, or they are murders aft out to get you, then you should report them,”

   “I can’t,”

   “Why?”

   “Must you ask those questions?!” He snapped. “Can’t you just leave and mind your own business?”
     
    “Steven, I don’t know the kind of friends you had till now, but I’m different from any of them. I can’t leave leave my friends in danger, seeking refuge for myself,”

    “I’m not different from them,” he muttered. 

   “From who?” She asked, already confused. 

   “I’m not different from those guys,”

    “The murders?”

    “Yes! I’m not different from them. So is that enough for you to stay away?” He shouted, and she gasped in fear. 

    “You… you’re also a murder?”

    He ignored her question and stopped the empty taxi passing by. 

   “You should leave while you can, and mind your own business henceforth. Not everyone appears the way they seem, some people are just hiding under a perfect mask. Just like you, Ive my own secrets,” with that he opened the door of the taxi for her, and she entered inside in fear. 

    “How can he be a murder?” She thought, and started remembering how good he was to her. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION ^^^
^
  Mifheal knew from the start that the new chef was his mother after she was detailed to his quarters. Mrs. Russ lied to him that she kllled her, and sent her to his quarters now. He didn’t want to pressure himself thinking about her motive because he had enough on his plate, but he couldn’t act along with his mother’s disguise any longer. She was never a good mother to him when he was with her, and her sudden reappearance acting like a caring mother in disguise as a chef was ridiculous to him. 

   “Mike…” the chef shuddered in fear. 

   “It’s Mr. Mike to you. Don’t drop the honorifics!” He snapped, and she bowed in tears. “What do you think you are doing? You disgust me when I was with you, and allowed the Russ take me away. So what do you think you are doing now? Since you are alive, you should be living  your best life without looking at, so why are you here? Do you really want to dle?”

   “I’m really, sorry, my child. I know I’ve wronged you,”

   “What should your sorry change? Mum, I don’t know what you plan to do here, but it won’t work. I’m sure mum knows who you are, and that’s why she sent you here. I ding know what her motive is, and I don’t care about your intentions either. So, please leave. Hand in your resignation letter tomorrow… if you don’t, I’ll fire you myself,” 

    “Mike…” she cried, and he returned to his bedroom. 
*
  He laid flat on his bed and sent a message to Paulina but she didn’t reply so he called her, neither did she respond to his call. 

   “What could have happened?” He thought. 
**
**
  Micheal got to school late the following day and met his friends in their suites —just Austin and  Stanley. 

   “No news from, Steve,” he said, and they both looked at him. 

  “It’s like he disappeared from the face of the planet, and we don’t even know anything about him,” Austin said. 

   “We should have tried to know him better after all these years. We are friends after all,” Micheal said, in regret. 

   “He is always intimidated by us, he never considers us a friend,” Austin said. 

   “We should have still tried,” Micheal grumbled. 

   “We threatened him to be our friend, he must have been frightened by us. He didn’t even try to talk all these years, I almost thought he was dumb until he became friends with Lina. Do you think he ran away?” Austin said. 

   “From us? I doubt. He seems to have his own problems. How come we couldn’t fish out anything about him all these years,” Micheal said. 

  “We never tried. Stan, why are you so quiet?”Austin  asked. 

   “I know nothing about him either,” Stanley blurted. 

   “Man, are you good?” Micheal asked. 

   “He isn’t. He has been grumpy since he came in. I’ve enough problems of my own, so no time to sulk here. Get over what’s bothering you by sharing it,” Austin said. 

    “Are you still bothered about the math quiz, or whatsoever you called it,” Micheal asked. 

    “What math quiz? The national mathematics competition is still far ahead,” Austin said. 

   “You didn’t look like you had enough sleep,” Micheal said worriedly. 

   “Bro, why are you scared of a math quiz? When did that start? I guess genius also has their own problems,” Austin exclaimed. 

   “I think I should give it a try, man,” Stanley said. 

   “What?” Austin asked. 

   “The math club,” Stanley muttered, and they both scoffed. 

    “That again?!” Austin blurted. 

   “Man, just follow your heart. I’ve more than enough on my plate, and Austin also has his own problems. Like quitting basketball isn’t enough, you want to add yours to spice it all,” Micheal said, and Austin glared at him. 

    “Who said I’m quitting basketball?!” He snapped. 

   “You will… eventually,” Michael teased. 

   “You’re so d£adddddd today!” Austin shouted, and a tasters running around with Micheal. 

   Stanley brought out the card to the math club, and nodded. 

   “Austin, I heard you drank out with Kayden last night,” he said, and they both stopped running to look at him. 

   “You did? You met with Kayden?” Micheal asked. 

   “I was fed to relive some stress after all the studying. So we coincidentally met at a bar, and we went to a club together. Bro, you won’t believe he is a vip at an exclusive club,”

   “Why didn’t he tell us about it. You should have invited us, you know?” Stanley said, and Micheal nodded in agreement. 

   “It was importune, and I really had fun,” he said, licking his lips in lust. 

   “You got a new girl?” Stanley asked in excitement. 

   “Or a nightstand,” Micheal added. 

   “I think we will really go for the beach house, guys,”

   “Wooohhhh…“. They both cheered in excitement. 

   “Is it a serious thing?” Stanley asked. 

   “Do we know the girl?” Michael asked, and a message beeped into Austin’s phone. 

   “Is that her?” Mifheal and Stanley asked in excitement. 

   “I’ve to go, guys,” he muttered, and left. 

   “Wait! Is that the new girl?” Stanley asked. 

   “Do you think she is a student here?” Mifheal asked Stanley who let out a sigh. 

   “He will split it when he is back,” Stanley said. 

   “Man, we might really get that beach house,” Micheal teased before leaving. 
*
The MASS went to the next class together, and didn’t see Paulina in class. Micheal sent her a message wondering why she skipped school, but she arrived before the teacher left. 

   “Why are you late?” He whispered, but she gave a faint smile before going seating. 

  She carried her bag ready to leave during recess but he dragged her back. 

    “Are you avoiding me?” He asked, and she shook her head. “So why are you leaving without a word?” 

   “Mike, can we talk?”

   “Sure, come with us,” 

    “No, not at your suite, somewhere else,”

   “Go ahead, guys,” he said, and his friends gave him a last look before leaving. 
.*
   Paulina lead the way to the staircase because students barely use the stairs. She couldn’t take him to the cafeteria rooftop because Sophia or Sage could show up there at anytime. 

   “Mike… I’m leaving school,” she muttered, and he looked at her perplexed. 

   “Why? Did the Stanford’s withdraw your scholarship? If that’s the case, I’ll grant you the scholarship. You don’t have to leave,”

    “No, I’m leaving on my own accord. I already submitted my transfer letter to the principal,”

     “It won’t get approved, so just tell me the real reason behind your decision,”

    “Being here will only cause troubles for you. Ava resumed back to school, and…. Mike, that’s all,” she muttered, and intend to leave, but he dragged her back. 

   “Is that what Ava told you?”

   “Dong you get it, Mike? You will only be miserable with me. I’m equally helpless as you, and I can’t add any value to your life. Ava is the one you need, you should be with her. You are already engaged anyways,”

   “Is that what Ava made you believe? Answer me?!” He shouted, startling her. 

    “Yes…” she cried, and he embraced her. 

   “Don’t listen to her, Lina. You promised me, remember?”
    
    “She threatened to break the engagement, and reveal your true identity if I don’t leave,” she cried. 

   “She said those?” He asked, and she nodded. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK***
* 
   Paulina arrived at school and was about to head inside when Ava approached her. 

   “Hi, Lina,” 

   “I see you decide to return to school. But you should go meet those who will be excited,” 

    “Can I have a word?” 

   “I’ll pass!” Paulina blurted, and intend to leave. 

   “Then I should just go ahead and reveal Mike’s real identity,” she said, and Paulina looked at her. 

   “What do you mean by that?”

   “Given that look, you must be aware that he is a piece of trash, an illegitimate product of adultery like you. You both suit each other like a match from h£ll, but I’m the queen, I should always have my way,”

    “What do you intend to do?”

   “What I said. I’ll  break my engagement to him, and expose his true identity to the school. The story would make an interesting headline, giving the rumors that recently dled down,” 

   “Since you are telling me this, I’m sure you want to negotiate,” 

   “Bingo!”

   “What do you want from me?”

   “I sang to get of you. I know it won’t be easy to get you out of my house, but I’ll get it done gradually. This is a transfer letter, you should  leave holland high,” Ava said, handling a letter to her. 

    “What made you think I will listen to you?”

   “Because you want to protect Mike as he protected you. I don’t care about whatsoever relationship is between you two. But Mike is mine now, he is my new toy and you will only get in the way. You’ve till recess break to make your decision,” with that she dropped the letter and left. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Micheal exhaled heavily after Paulina explained the situation to him. 

   “Is that all?”

   “Mike… I really have to leave. I can’t let her go public with that,”

   “She will even if you leave. Don’t allow yourself be blackmailed by her, she would have gone public with that if she was going to,”

   “She really meant it, Mike. I’m so scared. What’s going to happen to you if it actually happens?”

   “Nothing. I might just have to drop my position in the company, and never dream of being the chairman again. But that doesn’t matter because she won’t do it. She knows better,” he assured, and she embraced him in tears. 
**
**
  MS. GRACE CAMPAIGN SITE^^^
^
  Mrs. Russ went to her office to relax after an exhausting campaign, and a message beeped into her phone. 

  She reed the contempt, and the fall fell off her hand in fear. 

   “What happened, ma’am?” Her secretary asked but she gestured her to stay back. 

    “Get my driver,” she muttered, and the secretary did that immediately. 
*
  She left the campaign site and called her father to confirm his current location before heading to where he was. 

  She got to the golf club, and he excused himself to talk to her. 

   “I left my game, so it must worth it,” he said, and she grabbed his hands. 

   “Dad, what do I do?” She muttered in fear. 

   “I won’t know unless you tell me what the problem is?”

   “Dad… it’s Leo,”

   “Who is Leo?”

   “Leo… dad, Leo who you sent to prison before I married Paul,”

    “What’s up with him?”
      
    “He has been threatening me, dad. He has been threatening me to reveal everything. And now, he sent my story to a journalist, he sent me their chat anonymously.  What do I do, dad?”

    “What are you getting at? I sent him to jail because he should be there, that’s what happened. So, let him take whatever he got to a journalist, and I dare them to release the story. I recently got rid of a reporter, so a journalist is nothing. Or should I get rid of him first?”

   “Yes, dad, you should do that,” 

   “Grace, is there something you aren’t telling me?”

   “Dad…”

  “You shouldn’t be this scared over that, so what else did he have against you?”

    “Dad…” She shuddered 

   “You’ve to be honest with me if you want me to get things sorted,”

    “Dad… I’m sorry,”

    “About what?” He yelled, and she flinched in fear. 

     “Dad…. It’s Ava…” she muttered, and broke down in tears. 

    “What does my granddaughter have to do with this?” He asked, and she shook her head in tears. “Don’t tell me…” he muttered, his eyes widened in disbelief. 

   “I’m sorry, dad… I’m so sorry,”

   “Why are you just telling me this now?”

   “I’m sorry, dad… I was so scared,”

   “It’s not too late to take care of it,” he muttered, with clenched fist. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Mr. Packard…
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FORTY FIVE. 4️⃣5️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️The memories she lost❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 IN AN UNKNOWN PLACE^^^
^
  Mr. Ethan chuckled staring at his phone screen. He sent an anonymous email to Grace after faking a chat, preteens do send out her story to a journalist. Shaking her up with that was the only Leo by his side. Grace will run to her father for help and he will be out to get Leo, with that he can have Leo by his side, after recusing him from the Packard’s. 

  The main door suddenly slugs open, and Don walked in. 

   “Boss, I’ve already gathered some trustworthy boys together,” Don said. 

   “How many are they?”

   “15,”

   “Why are they so many?”

  “I only reached out to three people, but they informed the others. They are all eloquent to work for you again, they felt indebted for your sacrifices, you took the fall for everyone,”

   “So they were all my men?”

   “Yes, boss,” 

    “Where are they?”

    “The warehouse in the city,”

    “Ok, get the car ready,“

    “Yes, boss,” 

  Mr. Ethan has been staying in his safe house all these while, and he recently purchased a warehouse in the city to be his secret hideout. The treasure saved up in the safe house was enough for him to fight his enemies, and also stand to his feet again, but he decide to stay low for the time being, till everything is over because he had no intention to doing anything bug revenge with the money, and give the rest to his granddaughter. 
*
  Mr. Ethan and Don arrived at the warehouse, and all the men assembled to greet him. 

    “I thought you said they were 15?” Mr. Ethan asked, looking at the bunch of men. 

    “What happened? They were just 15 when I left,” Don said. 

   “Boss, others heard about it, and joined us. Now, we are about 22, and the news hasn’t  reached more people,” Stone, one of the men said. 

  “It shouldn’t. We don’t need too much people. So this will do,” Mr. Ethan said. 

    “Boss, I hope we aren’t late?” They heard Simeon said from behind, and turned to see 4 men. 

    “Gosh, do something about this Don,” with that Mr. Ethan went in. 
*
  Don joined Mr. Ethan later, and Mr. Ethan glare at him. 

   “I told you we need to work discreetly so what’s all that about?”

    “Boss, I only reached out to Stone, Marvin, and Ken. I don’t know how it reached the others, and I don’t know how to get rid of them either. I should have know, Ken has a bigmouth,” 

    “Concerning Leo, our target to get the Packard’s, you should start tailing him. I want you to do it yourself, the Packard’s are probably out to get him now, so this is our chance. Put your life in the line to protect him and bring him to our side,” 

   “Yes, boss,”

   “If you fail, never let me find you,”

   “I’ll get it done, boss,”

    “You better! I want you to send some trusted men to guard Charlotte and also my granddaughter,”

    “You didn’t tell me where miss Charlotte was,”

   “I would give you the address. I want you to send 2 trusted men to guard her,”

   “Sir, is your granddaughter with her?”

   “No! And you can’t show yourself to my granddaughter, never! Send two men to guard her discreetly, and get it done nicely otherwise… you will pay for the consequences of any mistake,”

    “I’ll ensure it’s properly handled, hoss,” 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
   Mifheal took Paulina to his suite to have lunch later, and met just Stanley there. 

   “Where is Austin?” Mifheal asked. 

   “That dude seems to be in a secret relationship with his new girl, he is being so discreet  with her which is unlike him,”

    “Who could she be?” Mifheal asked. 

   “Should we wait for him to split it, or we should find out ourselves,”

    “Let’s save our curiosity, he won’t last 12 hours,” Micheal said, and Stanley laughed.  

    “Lina, are you ok?” Stanley asked, and she nodded.
**
.**
  Ava went ro the cafeteria with her friends, and they saw Rae eating with her other friends. 

    “Look at that looser,” Lia teased. 

     “I’ve been so bored lately, why don’t we have some fun?” Ava muttered smirking evilly, and Lia giggled. 

    “Are you going to bully Rae?” Alicia asked worriedly. 

    “What’s wrong with you? She isn’t out friend anymore, so you shouldn’t be worried about her. She left the circle first!” Lia snapped. 

    “Do you wanna join her?” Ava blurted, and Alicia shook her head in fear. 

  Lia glared at Alicia, giving her a warning look, and they all went to Rae. 

    “See who found new buddies,” loa teased, and Rae exhaled heavily before glaring at them. 

   “I believe the sky is wide enough for every birds to fly, and we can all do that without bumping into each other,” Rae blurted, and they scoffed. 

   “True, but we aren’t brurds. And even if we are, I’m the queen of the birds, I can fly to wherever pleases me,” Ava teased. 

    “And I’m the emperor ode the birds, too decide to fly down here,” they heard Austin said approaching them and Everton around gasped expect Ava and her friends. 

  Austin joined them swinging his arms in the sky and Ava hissed, irritatedly. 

    “I see you decide to fly without your kingpin,” Ava blurted. 

    “When do you start interfering to our business, Austin? Why don’t you keep walking, Mike is obviously looking for you!” Lia said. 

    “Nah… Ava’s point hit better,” he teased, and Lia scoffed while Alicia chuckled softly. 

     “What do you want?!” Ava snapped. 

    “I’ve no business with you, the sky is wide enough for every bride to fly, even the queen shouldn’t trespass,” he teased, and the students around chuckled. 

    “You are a d¥mba$$ if you think that’s funny,” Ava said 

    “Then you aren’t a queen of you thought I was cracking jokes,”

    “Enough of the nonsense, Austin, and keep walking,” Lia blurted. 

    “I told you your lines are  lame, must I shout it out loud for you to get…” he teased, and the students chuckled. 

    “This is so not it!” Rae muttered and intend to leave but Austin held her back. 

      “This way, my lady…” he said winking at her, and she scoffed before following him. 

     “Wait! Did she just left with Austin?” Lia gasped. 

    “As it appears,” Alicia muttered. 

    “Let’s go, girls,” Ava said. 

    “What an embarrassment,” Alicia grumbled, and Lia glared at her. 
*
  Rae freed herself from Austin’s grip, and glared  at him. 

   “What?” He grumbled. 

    “Why did you intervene?” She snapped. 

  “Ava was going to bully you, if that’s your way of saying thank you, then you welcome,” 

    “I told you to stop interfering, I told you to always mind your own business,” 

    “But why do I feel like you are now my business?”

   “Because you’re nut!” She blurted, and he dragged her back. 

    “You ask me to mind my own business, but that’s not how it works, Rae. I might be careless when I’m drunk, but I don’t take a girl to my bed for no reason,” he said, and she glared at him. 
*
*
FLASHBACK to last night***
*
 Austin was having fun at the club with his friend, when he heard a commotion in the dance floor. The figure looked familiar from afar, so he went closer and confirmed that it’s Rae being harassed by a man. 

    “Hi, babe, what’s going on?” Austin asked, placing his hands around her shoulder. 

    Rae glared at him, and he winked at her while the guy looked at him. 

    “Who are you?”

   “Her boyfriend!” He blurted, and the guy left. 

    “What’s that for?” Rae blurted, glaring at him. 

   “If that’s your way of saying thank you, then forget it. Remember that you owe me one,”

    “I hate being indebted. You shouldn’t have interfered,”

    “Then have a drink with me. A dance will also do,” he said winking at her, and she gave in. 

  They both drank and dance all night together, and ended up sleeping together.
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Rae exhaled heavily and glared at Austin who smiled. 

    “I thought we agreed on letting it pass. I was drunk, you were drunk and we merely had fun,” 

    “Yeah, I agreed to let it pass, but I changed my mind,”

   “What do you want from me?”

   “Let’s be buddies,”

   “You must have lost it,”

   “You got good grades, let’s be study buddies. Help me prepare for the mid semester exam, and I won’t bother you anymore,”

     “Do I look like a private teacher?”

    “I gave it all a thought before coming to that conclusion,”

   “When do you start worrying about grades?”

    “I’ve something to lose,”

   “Then get a private tutor,”

   “That stuff never helped me. I prefer studying with friends than a tutor,”

    “Stanley got better grades,” 

    “He is a genius, we don’t see eye-to-eye while studying,”

    “I’ll pass,”

    “Then how about I tell my friends what happened between us. I’m sure Lia would also enjoy the conversation,”

    “You do no such,”

   “The ball is in your court,” with that, he winked at her and left. 
**
**
 LOUIS’S HOUSE^^^
^
  Charlotte has been trying so hard to recover the memory of the accident, but it proves abortive so Louis made an appointment with a neuropsychologist for her. In as much as he doesn’t want her to pass through that pain to recover the memory, she was impatient. 
*
  They left home together, and visited the neuropsychologist professor who welcomed them warmly. 
*
  The doctor made her lie down in a comfortable position, as he begin the process. 

   “Take a deep breath in, and try to remember what happened that rainy day,” he said, and she closed her eyes tightly trying to remember what happened that day. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK***
*
  Charlotte stayed back at the market ignoring the cloudy weather after the debt collector left with her bracelet. She has always cherished the bracelet, considering it being the only thing her mother left her 

  She stayed back for few minutes, when the rain started pouring, and she hurriedly pack the few things she left hoping to catch the bus. On her way to the bus station, a car pulled up in front of her. 

   “Hi, madam. I’ll take you to your destination,” 

    “Thank you, I’m good,” she said, and intend to leave but he was too persistent. 

  She almost called out for help when someone dragged her into the car from behind. 

    “You should’ve just entered while I was being nice,”

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

   “Who are you and what do you want from me?” She cried. 

   “So many things,” he sneered. 

  He drove along the road, and she shout out for help but it was to no avail, she didn’t know what came over her when she pulled the steering and started controlling the car with him. 

   “Are you insane? Do you want to get us kllled?” The man shouted. 

  “Then stop the car!” She shouted, but before she could release the steering, he lost control of the car, leading to an accident in the road. 
**
*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
 Charlotte’s eyes shut open immediately, and she started breathing heavily. 

   “Charlotte, are you ok?” Louis asked bursting to where she was. 

   “Louis…” she cried, and he embraced her. 

   “It’s ok, Charlotte, you’re safe now,” he assured patting her back. 

   “I remember everything now, Louis, I remember,” she muttered in a sober voice. 
*
  Ms. Bella called them later to inform them of the presence of some thugs with claimed to be sent by Mr. Ethan, and they had to leave the hospital, wondering what Mr. Ethan was up to. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Micheal couldn’t stop thinking about Ava’s threat do Paulina. In as much as he tried to convince himself that she couldn’t do it, but he was still frightened because Ava can be unpredictable. 

 Hw left the class immediately when school dismissed, and gestured his friends not to wait for him. 

 He went yo Ava’s class and saw her about to leave as well. 

   “I thought the only feeling you’ve left for me was disgust, so why are you here?”

   “Can I’ve a word?”

   “You just said 5 words,”

   “Come with me,” he said, and dragged her to the staircase. 

    “What do you want?” She snapped, forcefully freeing herself from him. 

    “Why did you threaten Lina?”

   “What do you care? You already accepted the engagement, so are you two timing now?”

    “I already accepted the engagement, so leave Lina alone,”

    “Do you think I’m doing all these because of you? Don’t be too fo0l of yourself, Mike. You are the one interfering here. Do you think I’m fighting over you? You wish!”

   “I don’t care about your reasons. Leave Lina alone,”
    
   “Lina and I have our own score to settle, you’re just entangled in it,”

   “If you don’t stop, I’ll break off the engagement,”he said, and she laughed. 

   “No, I’m the one pulling the strings, you’re the one who need the engagement, I’m the one you can break it off. Why? Because I make the rules!”

   “What do you really have against me?”

   “I don’t associate with piece of trash, but I choose you because you’re gonna crawl to my feet,”

   “Is that your plan?”

   “Do you think I accepted the engagement because I still have feelings for you or whatever?” She blurred, and Micheal made a fist. 

    “You think you can step on me just because you know a little secret, but you lie. Do your worst, I’m breaking off the engagement. I’ll prove to you that I don’t need you, neither will I crawl to your feet,” with that he left, and she smirked. 

   “All you can do is talk, Mike. You will still return to me,” she muttered, before leaving. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  What now?
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FORTY SIX. 4️⃣6️⃣
.
     ❣️❣️The broadcast IV❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  Stanley contemplated on his decision before he gave it a shot — trying won’t hurt, he has always tried and failed but he was determined to do better this time, with all his words well planned. 

 He opened the door to the math club with the pass card, and everyone gazed fell at the door, and Jessica scoffed at the sight of him. 

   “What do you want?” She blurted, walking closer to him. 

   “I’m here to give you an offer you can’t refuse,” he said, proudly. 

   “I refuse to hear it,”

   “I’ll say it anyways,”

   “This is a math club, not an appropriate place for you to chitchat,”

    “Im offering you my intelligence. I recently realized why I was good at math, and that was because I usually challenge myself, I never settle for my level. When I learn to solve equations, I didn’t stop where I was thought, I began to attempt more difficult equations, and challenged a senior four grades ahead of me. Of course, it was a difficult challenge, but I pass with a draw,”

   “Are you here to flaunt nonsense to my face?”

  “I already aced all the mock questions to the national math competition, and I didn’t stop there,  I recently attempt a postgraduate level mock exam, and managed to pass within the time limit,” 

   “Wow!” Everyone expect Jessica exclaimed. 

   “Get out, you are causing distractions,”

   “My point is, you will never improve above your current levels, why? Because tiy hate taking challenges. You refuse my request to join the math club because you don’t want anyone better than you here. All the students here are all between 90 to 95% good at math, you never refurit anyone better than you, that’s why you will always fall between your current grade. Why not just take me in, challenge my ability, that’s the only way to win against me,” he said, and she slapped him. 

   “Ou…” everyone gossiped. 

  “Do you know why I would never recruit you? It’s because I hate your guts. You follow Mike around like you a lost puppy, but always managed to ace your exams, you won’t be a good influence on any of us here, so GET OUT!”
*
 Stanley barged the door hard and exhaled heavily. She collected the card from him and kicked him out. He  his fingers through his hair, and played a recording. 

   “This would be enough to prove that you aren’t being fair in selecting the club members,” he thought. He had a plan B incase his first plan didn’t work out. He knew that Jessica would be very difficult to convince. 
**
**
 Paulina alighted from the taxi at her regular bus station. No one offered her a ride, so she had to take a taxi to the bus station. She looked around searching for the ragged man; due to some unknown reasons, she alway found herself searching for him whenever she is at the bus station. After their last encounter the other day, she hasn’t seen him again. 

   “He looked so cleans and refreshed, he must’ve been doing better for himself,” she always reassured herself with those words. 

  She wanted to enter the next bus when a hand grip her, and she turned around because the body scent was familiar. 

   “Sage,” she called, and he smiled. 

   “I knew I could find you here,” he said, and she smiled. 
*
 She entered his car and looked at him, wondering what he was up to. 

    “Can you spare two hours for me?” He asked, and she nodded. 

   “Where to?” She muttered. 

   “It’s a surprise,” he whispered, and she chuckled. 
*
 They drove for about half a hour before he pulled over at a new resort that doesn’t seem to be opened yet. 

   “I don’t think they have started work here,” she muttered, and he nodded. 

   “We’re here to open it,” he said, and she looked at him. 

   “Your family own this resort? I thought you only deal with agricultures,”

   “Yes, the group is an agricultural company, it has been since ages. That being said, mu family  doesn’t own it,”

   “Oh… then you must be close to the owner,”

  “It’s mine,” he said, and she gasped. 

   “You don’t mean it?”

   “Of course with my father’s money,”

   “You own this resort?” 

   “I started working on it few years ago with my mum. I just thought that it did be nice to own a resort with a beautiful view. I was always envious of my friends whose family own one, we vist so many resorts, but we don’t even own one,” he said, and she looked at him in amazement. 

   “You’re incredible, Sage. So are you going to manage this after your studies?”

   “I right know yet. My parents have a huge share in the resort, so I don’t think I can decide the management. My future is kinda complicated to me as well, my maternal grandfather wants me to become a prosecutor, and mum is hook on that. She supported me with this so I could study harder and get into law school. My father wants  me to take over the group, and my sister is busy discovering new dreams everyday. She is into photography now,” he said, and she chuckled. 

  “I’m sorry if that upset you,”

  “Nah… I just feel like evegine has a dream expect me. But everything changed when her I met you… I really like you Lina. After the first day I met you, I understand the meaning of dream, yearning for something, wanting to have something, talking to you this way feels like an achievement. So I came to a conclusion, turns out I had a dram after all, and that dream is to be ith you,”
    
   “Sage…”

   “We’re still young and immature, we shouldn’t be talking about the future now, but I feel like my  future could only be with you, next to you. I don’t care if I become a prosecutor, I dint care if I have to take over the company or manage this resort, I just want to be with you. I believe I can conquer it all if you’re with me. I’ve a selfish dream, right?” 

   “Safe… I…” she shuddered. 

   “Don’t! Don’t reject me now, otherwise we won’t be able to have fun anymore. It will ruin the whole day,” he said, and alighted from the car. 
*
  They had fun together at the resort for few hours, before they call it a day. She sat next to the water fall staring at the moon, and Sage sat next to her. 

   “You’re very unpredictable, Lina,” he said, and she looked at him. 

   “How’s that?” She managed to ask. 

   “You are seated next to this beautiful waterfall, but you were carried away by the moon,” he teased, and she chuckled. 

    “The moon is more beautiful,”

    “But you’re more beautiful,” he said, and she looked at him. “What? Have no one ever said you’re beautiful?”

    “Sage…”

   “Oh, does it sounds weird, hearing it from me?”

    “Why do you even like me? I mean… you know nothing about me,” she found herself saying. 

    “Must I know everything about you to like you? If that was how feelings work, love at first sight wouldn’t have existed,”

    “So, was it from first sight?”

    “Yes. But even if you already got to know me, you still have no feelings for me, right?” 

    “I like you too, Sage,”

    “But just as a friend. The same way you like Sophie, and others. That’s so cringe, I don’t want to hear that from you,”

    “Not as a friend, but I want us to remain friends. So, please… stop confessing to me,”

     “Why? If our feelings are mutual, why do you want us to remain friends?”

    “I’m so new to all of these, Sage. I’ve been confused about my own feelings lately. I realized that I like you, but I…”. She shuddered. 

   “You also like Mike?” He asked, and she looked at him, wondering how he could read her mind. 

   “Sage…”

   “You like me, but you also like Mike. So, why do you decide to choose him? Do you think he is better than me?” 

    “You’re better than Mike, and that’s why I can’t choose you,”

    “What’s that suppose to mean?”

   “I wish the day would come when I can be completely honest with you without  holding anything back, I really wish that miracle could happen. But… for now, I want you to respect my decision, and stop confessing,” 

    “I feared that this dah would come, when you would reject me brutally, but I still tell myself to keep going because I’ve more trials left, and now, you tell me to stop confessing, which means you would never accept my feelings,” 

   “Sage, I’m sorry,” she cried. 

   “I’m the one who hit rejected, so you don’t have to cry. I’m not going to console you. I won’t tell you it’s fine, because it’s not fine to get rejected. This is my first rejection, so this feeling is new to me. I won’t promise to be a loyal friend, because I still don’t know how to handle this, but it’s fine because I’m saw this all coming. This isn’t the first time you will reject me, even though you never said it out loud in the past, you’ve longed rejected me, a long time ago. When you became friends with Mike, and claimed to be in a relationship with him, and each fine when I confess. I knew you were rejecting me, but I still decide to give it my all. I really liked you, Lina, but too bad, you don’t know the worth of who you rejected. That’s all I’ve to say,” he said, and stood up to leave. 

    “Sage…”

   “I’m sorry, I can’t give you a ride back. You’ve  to understand, it did be weird for me to give you a ride like nothing happened. I’ll call my driver, he will be here in a jiffy,” with that, he left. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION^^^
^
 Mifheal got home from school and was welcomed by the new chef. 

   “You dint have to submit your resignation letter to me directly. Leave it to me. Jones, and go,” he blurted, and went to his room but she followed him. 

  “Mike, please listen to me. I also doubt if my return would protect you or cause you harm, but one thing is certain, Mrs. Russ can’t be trusted. She had an eye on me all these years while I was away, and she was aware of who I was before she accept my resume to work here,”

   “I know. We all know that. But that doesn’t justify why you should be here. Personally, I don’t like you. I’m going through a lot as it is, so you can’t add more to my worries, please leave,”

   “Mike, if you are thinking about breaking off your engagement, please don’t. You can’t do that,”

    “What do you even know? You don’t know anything, so what made you think you’ve the right to tell me what to do? You are just a wh0re that was abandoned by my father, but too bad I’m caught in all of these because of you,”

   “You are right, I’m just a wh0re that seduced Mr. Russ. I also don’t want to end up like this, I think I’m going to get to live a Bette life if I succeed, but turns out I was wrong, I got kicked out the moment Mrs. Russ found out, and she sent people after me when she discovered that I was pregnant. I didn’t even have time to think of terminating the pregnancy because I had to run for my life. Accept it or not, Mike, you were nothing but a mistake I couldn’t get rid of. But since it has gotten to this, we have both came this far, so we just have to keep living, and if you want to live you have to hold on to that engagement, that’s the only way you can have everything you can worked so hard for,”

    “You shouldn’t have gave birth to me,” he muttered. 

   “I know I shouldn’t have, I knew you did suffer this much if I do, but I was too reckless, I was only thinking about myself and how to live. I never imagined a day like this would come, but it’s inevitable now, Mike, so we just have to live on “

   “What do you even know?”
    
    “Reasonable enough to stop you from breaking the engagement. Mrs. Russ is the real owner of Russ’ group,” she said, and Micheal looked at her — obviously, he was hearing that for the first time. 
   
   “What nonsense are you spouting?” He blurted

  “Mrs. Russ father conned the Russ and hijack thier shares in the company, in other to strengthen their marriage. Mr. Russ has few shares in the company, that’s why he wants you to be with the Stanford’s daughter so you can maintain your position,” 

   “I don’t care about anything you are saying, but I don’t need anyone to live the way I want. And if my father doesn’t even have shares in the company he claim to be his, so what am I even fighting for?”

    “Mike… you are different from your father,”

   “Then what makes me different? My flaw? The fact that I’m an illegitimate. If that’s what makes me different, then I would just embrace it with pride. I have nothing to lose now, since nothing belong to me from the start,”

    “Mike, that’s not how I meant it,”

    “However way you mean it, I had enough. Now leave, get OUT!” He yelled, and broke down in tears. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
 Micheal got to school the following day and made up his mind to get things sorted out. His feelings for Paulina, and the so-called engagement to Ava. He has always been the one making the rules, he always got everything he wanted, so he decided to take things back to how it was. 

 He joined his friends in their suite, and they all went to class together. Paulina wasn’t in class all day. He dialed my number but it sent him straight to voicemail so he started getting worried. 

 When school dismissed, he searched everywhere for her but she was no where to be found, wondering if she decide to skip school, he saw her busybody friend — Sophia. 

  “Hey, you,” he called out, and her eyes widened as she looked at him. 

   “Mike… are you talking to me?” She shuddered. 

   “Where is Lina?” He asked, and she gasped. 

   “The cafeteria rooftop, I’m going there to join her now,”

   “I’ll do it,”

   “What are you talking about?”

   “Stay back, I’ll go to Lina,” with that, he left.
*
  He got to the rooftop and saw her seated staring at the sky, and he went to seat next to her. 

   “So…” she shuddered, and stopped when she saw him. 
   “Mike,” she called, and he embraced her. 

   “Everything is going to be fine, Lina, trust me,” he said, patting her back gently. 

  They remained that way for few minutes before they released, and he helped her adjust a sl
   
 He moved his lips down to hers, and kissed kissed her, and she opened her mouth to kiss back before she pushed him away after realizing what she was doing, and ran off.
 Michael bites his lips in frustration before going after her. 

   “Lina, where are you running off to when we will still meet at school tomorrow?” He shouted, and she stopped on her track to look at him. 
    
   “This isn’t right, Mike.” She muttered, and he walked closer to her. 
     
    “What isn’t right? The kiss, or you running off after a passionate kiss?”
    
    “Everything! You are engaged to Ava!”

    “So?” He muttered, and she looked at him. 

     “Mike…”. She shuddered. 

   “I make the rules, Lina. I go after what I want, and I get it either the easy or hard way. From now henceforth, you are mine. We’re a couple now, so never run off like that again.” He said, and dragged her close to him smashing his lips on hers, and they kissed passionately like their lives depend on it. 
**
**
 Paulina got to school the following day, replying to Michael’s message and a car pulled over in front of her. 

   “Gosh! That scared me,” she flinched. 

   “You have to stop him,” a woman said from the car, and Paulina looked at her. 

    “Are you talking to me?” Paulina asked confused. 

    “You have to stop Mike, he is going right reveal his true identity to everyone, you have to stop him,”

    “What are you talking about? Who are you?” She asked, and the car drove off. 

    “What does she mean by that?” She thought, and instantly calculated the answer— a strange woman gave her a note the last that Micheal needs the Stanford’s, and now the same woman gave her this information, which could only mean that the woman must’ve  a connection with Michael, and if Micheal could get any true identity, it could be the fact that he is an illegitimate. 

   “What? Is he going to reveal that?” She thought, and she instantly heard an announcement. 

  🎤*I apologize for my sudden announcement, but I want you all to pay attention because I’ll only say this once…* she heard Michael’s voice from the broadcast room. 
 
   “No, no, Mike, you can’t,” she shuddered, and dialed his number immediately running to the broadcast room. 

  She ran as fast as her legs could carry her until he received her call. 

  📞 *Mike, what do you think you are doing?*
   📞*You can’t, Mike, you gang do this,”
  📞 *Mike…” before she could utter another word, he ended the call. 

  She arrived at the hallway heading to the broadcast room, she bumped into Stanley there. 

   “Hurry up, we have to stop him,” Stanley said, and she continued on her way. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED….
.
  This would’ve actually been best 😐
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FORTY SEVEN. 4️⃣7️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️one man standing in the dark❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
   CHAIRMAN HEWLEFT MANSION^^^
^
  Stanley was having dinner with his mother, but she noticed that he kept picking on his food, so she held his hand in comfort. 

    “Is anything bothering you, son?”

    “Is this girl at school,” he muttered, and her eyes brightened in amusement. 

     “A girl? Did you get a new girlfriend? This is the first time you are telling me about a girl, I’m so excited,” she said beaming widely, and he chuckled. 

     “Not a girlfriend, she is just so unreachable. I tried to join the math club to be closer to her, but she kept pushing me away. She told me she hates my guts. And I actually like her, no, I actually do. She is so good at math, and I admire her a lot. While others pick on those beneath them, she was always poised, she doesn’t associate with the lowlifes, Nether does she pick on them. I like her charisma, mum, but I guess it’s just me doing all the admiration,”
     
     “You’re in that stage, son, so it happens. You have crush on those who doesn’t like you no matter how good you are, that doesn’t mean there is a problem with you, it’s just that person. They don’t just like you, and it can’t be helped,” she said, and chuckled. 

   “Are you making jest of my feelings?” He whined. 

    “That’s ridiculous! I’m just glad that you are sharing things like this with me. When I was your age, I was so scared of my parents, I can’t even share anything with them, and I made a lot of bad decisions,”

    “I really should take advise to avoid making bad decisions,”

    “Yes you should, and I’m glad you can freely share things with me. You grew up better than I expected, you have good friends, you do well with your studies, and you also have me,” she said, and he chuckled. 

    “I doubt if I have good friends, friends aren’t supposed to keep anything from each other,”

    “What do you mean by that? Did you find out something about your friends? I told you never to spy on your friends, son, didn’t I?” 

    “I’m sorry, mum, I couldn’t just help it. I was going to stay cool and acted like everyone else, but I’m so different from everyone, why live in the dark when I could bring some light?”

   “Stan…”

    “But I regretted it later. I don’t even know what to do with the informations I gathered. I can’t tell anyone, and it’s hurting so much, I can’t even confront my friend with it,”  

    “And it will continue to hurt. That’s the price you have to pay for spying into someone’s private life. There are at times when you don’t have to do anything son, even if you can,”

    “Why are you wishing me bad?”

    “Don’t get me wrong, but it’s the truth. Your friend kept whatever you find out a secret, because it must have hurt ten times more than you are hurting now, but you dig into it. You also have things you don’t feel comfortable sharing, it works that way with everyone, that’s why you shouldn’t have pried,”

    “I really shouldn’t have, mum. I’m sorry,”

    “You don’t have to apologize to me, neither your friend, but to yourself. My son was just a curious genius. Oh… how do I managed to have an incredible son like this?” She said, and he smiled. 
    
    “Stop flattering me, mum. I just made a mistake,”

    “But you won’t do it again,” she said, and he nodded. 

   His phone started beeping strangely, giving a weird signal, and his mother looked at him. 

    “What’s that?” She asked. 

    “I’m sorry, mum,”

    “Again? What did you do this time?”

    “Dad is close,”

    “You hacked into his phone again?”

    “Not that, I just installed a app there to notify me whenever he is close by,”

     “That’s still the same. How on earth did you get your hand on his phone?” 

     “I didn’t take his phone, I just did it…. I’m sorry, mum. But what do we do? I thought you said he was on a business trip,”

     “It must’ve ended early,”

     “It wasn’t a business trip, he probably went to that woman,”

     “That’s enough. Just go to your room, finish your food and go to your room. Promise me you won’t come out,”

  “Mum… how long are we going to live like this?”

  “Just eat up and do as I say! How close is he?” 

   “He is about to drive in,” he muttered, and they heard a car drove in. 

   “You should go to your room, I’ll send your dinner to your room. Do as I say, baby, mummy is going fine,” she muttered in fear, and Stanley shook his head. 

     “I don’t want to leave,”

    “Just listen to me! Why are you so stubborn?!” She yelled, and he left in tears. 
*
  The walls of the house are soundproof, so he couldn’t hear anything from his room but he couldn’t bear staying indoor like everything was fine, when it wasn’t. His father has been cheating on his mother with different women since he younger, but his mother never complained about it, yet each time he was home, he always finds a reason to hit her. 

  He threw his fist in the air in frustration, and ran to the dinning room, there he met his father aiming to hit a stool at his mother. 

    “Stop it!” He yelled, and hit his father at the back, making the stool fall off his hand. 

     “How dare you?” His father shouted, and wanted to hit him but his mother was quick to stand in front of him. 

    “Please, don’t. Don’t hit my son, don’t,” 

     “Let him dare, mum, and I’m going to report him for child abuse. I don’t care, dad, mum might be scared to resort you but I’m not. Remember, I’m a genius, I can manipulate the computer and have you locked up for the rest of your life!” He threatened, and dragged his mother away. 
*
  They get to his room, and his mother broke down in tears. 

    “I told you to stay in your room, why did you come out? Why!” She yelled, and he embraced her. 

   “I’m sorry, mum, I made a mistake again,” he cried. 

  They both consoled themselves, and he took the first-aid box to help her nurse her wound. 

    “Mum, you should really divorce him this time. I don’t care about our family falling apart, I won’t  even use his name if that will make you feel better. But you should divorce him,”

    “I can’t son,”
    
    “Why can’t you?” He shouted, and throw the cottonwool with him away. 

    “I can’t. I already told you severally that I can’t,”

    “Why? I really need to hear your reason today,”

    “You know your father is 16 years older than me, I was a young teenager when I married him. I married him against my wish because my father was falling apart, and my father had to make that decision for us to stand on our feet again,”

  “I know that, mum. But that’s doesn’t mean you can’t divorce him. You already endured enough in this marriage, and uncle is doing well running the company now. Let’s be selfish, mum, let’s just leave,”

   “I can be selfish to everyone, but you. Even back then, I was selfish. I tried to escape, but there was no escape. I wasn’t a good child, son, but I can’t be a bad mother to you,”

    “If you want to be a good mother to me, then you will leave that m0nster,” he said, and she shook her head. 

    “Your father is not a m0nster, he is the one providing for you. You love having luxurious rides, your father is the only one that can provide that for you. Your luxurious life, your friends, everything. Son, we will lose everything if I leave. When I married your father, he made me sign a pact that state that I won’t receive any alimony if we separate in the future. Let’s just endure this, son, just until you secure a position at his company, and can afford to take care of yourself,”

    “Do you think I care about any of those? Yes, I love luxurious rides, I love flaunting money with my friends, I love to be an outstanding elite, but all of those doesn’t matter if you are going to hurt this way. I don’t have to work in his company, besides I have no interest in being coiled up in an office all day. I just want to be happy with you, mum. So, please…. Divorce him for me, you’re being selfish if you still refuse to,” he said, and she wiped his tears with her palm. 

     “Your father won’t divorce me easily. He is always trying hard to protect his public image,”

     “If you are ready to divorce him, I’ll leave him with no choice but to give in,”

    “No, don’t. I mean, don’t for now,”

    “Mum…”

   “I’ll divorce him, I’ll do as you say, but until I’m ready, don’t do anything. Understand?”

    “Yes, mum, but one condition,”

    “What is it?”

     “You will sleep next to me tonight, I’m scared that he might barge in here to get back at me,” he whined, and she chuckled. 

    “Ok, baby, mummy will be right by your side to protect you,” she said, and he embraced her. 

     “This will all be over soon, mum, once you divorce him, I’ll make sure no one ever dares to lay a finger on you ever again,”

    “I trust you,”

    “I love you mum,”

    “I love you more,” 

    “I love you more and more,”

     “I love you more and more and more,” 

     “I love you more in a thousand times,”

      “I love you more in a million times,”

     “I love you more in thousands of trillion,” he said, and she laughed, and they both laughed hugging each other tight. 
**
**
   CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION^^^
^
 Micheal draft his resignation letter and sent it to his father’s mail. He made up his mind after his conversation with his mother (the chef). If the company doesn’t really belong to his father, then there is nothing to fight for from the start. 

  He can’t deny his feelings for Paulina anymore, and since they are already a thing, he decide to be true to himself, and have others accept him the way he was. 

  After sending the resignation, he turned off his phone, and few minutes later, he heard a knock on the side. He ignored the knocking, and he heard Mr. Jones voice from the other end of the door, and he let himself in. 

     “I didn’t summon you in!” Micheal blurted. 

    “Sir, the chairman reuwst your presence in hi..-“ Mr jones was saying, but the door slugs open, his father barged in angrily. 

    “Get out, Mr. Jones!” Mr. Russ snapped, and Mr.  Jones panicked in fear. 

  He looked at Micheal, and bowed slightly before leaving. 

   “What do you think you are doing?” Mr. Russ yelled. 

   “You told me to resign if I can’t accept the engagement,”

    “Do you think that’s all it takes to punish a son that disobeys his father?”

     “I’m willing to do anything, I have nothing to lose,” 

     “Then return all the cards with you,” he said, and Micheal laughed. 

     “That’s a special case, dad. I already talked to my lawyer, not the company lawyer, but a more vigorous lawyer. She is an expert in human rights field, we are going to calculate all my earnings since I’ve been working for you, I’ve been working for eight years, and you will also discuss how do we go about my regular needs. As far as the law is concerned, I’m still your son, and I’m just a minor, a teenager,”

    “Seriously?” Mr. Russ scoffed. “Do you think you can beat me by the law and have your way with everything?”

    “I have to survive, dad, I have to survive somehow. I can’t hit rock bottom after working my b¥tt off for almost a decade,” he said, and Mr. Russ scoffed. 

     “You’re right, Mike. You worked so hard for almost a decade, and I’m so proud of that. So, why? Why throw it all away now?” He shouted. 

   “Because everything is not going my way, I sing want to live that way anymore,” he muttered. 

    “Mike, have you forgotten our agreement? You said you wanted to beat your mother, have you forgotten that? How can you achieve that if you Becky this way?” He asked, and Micheal looked at him, remembering thier agreement. 
*
.*
  FLASHBACK TO YEARS AGO***
*
      ^^^SOMEWHERE IN AUSTRALIA ^^^
^
   Micheal was refusing to eat, but immediately Mrs. Russ entered the room, he took cutleries and started eating immediately. Mr. Russ looked at them, and shove whatever thought was running on his mind off. It has been that way since they brought Micheal to Australia. After taking him with them, sending him to Australia was the only way to build a biography for him, but he is yet to adapt. He is always intimidated by Mrs. Russ, and Mr. Russ feared that he might never bulge with that. 

    “We will be leaving soon, son. We are turning to California tomorrow. So you have to be a good kid all by yourself,” Mrs. Russ said, creasing his hair, but he started hiccuping in fear. “Oh, dear. Have some water,” she said, and started forcing a large amount of water in his mouth. 

    “Sweetheart, that’s enough. He can take care of himself,” Mr. Russ interfered, and she stopped, after a mischievous smile. 

    “Mike, you heard your mother. We might not be able to see you before we leave, so take care of yourself. Let’s go, sweetheart,”

    “Bye, Mike,” she waved, and he nodded in fear. 

  They left later, and Micheal pushed the food on the table away when the door slugs open, and Mr. Russ walked in. 

   “I’m going to eat, I’m going to eat. It was a mistake,” he pleaded in fear, and Mr. Russ embraced him. 

    “You must’ve been really scared of her, sorry I can’t protect you,” 

     “She kllled my mummmm…. She told me she kllled her, she told me,” he cried, and Mr. Russ released from the embrace. 

     “Do you want to get back at her?” He asked, and Micheal looked at him. “I can’t help you get back at her, but I’ll tell you a way to get back at her if yiu want to,” he said, but Michael kept mute. “I guess you are not interested. Let’s pretend we never had this conversation,” he said, and intend to leave but Micheal held him back. 

    “Teach me how to get back at her,” Micheal cried. 

   “That’s the spirt, boy,” he said, and they went to seat. “If you want to get back at her, you will have to become the chairman of the company. I’m currently the chairman, and she is the vice, but I’ll retire if you are capable enough to manage it. If you are above her, everything will go your way, and you will be able to get back at anyone you want to,” he said, confusing Michael. “You must be confused,” he said, and Michael nodded. “I don’t know how you can understand, but you’ve to work hard for it. If you are willing to work hard, I’ll make arrangements of people to prepare you for the bigger task ahead of you, and your journey of  revenge,”
     
   “How can I ever get back at her that way? Working hard… you are just fo0lish me,” 

    “Do you have a better idea?” He asked, and Micheal looked at him. “Since you don’t, we either try my way, and see if it works, or you remain scared of her forever,” with that he left. 

  Micheal think about what Mr. Russ said all night. Even though he doesn’t understand him fully, to him it sounded like when teacher ask you to study hard and achieve something. But he has no better option. He had to survive somehow, so giving it a shot wouldn’t harm. 

   He left his bed early the following morning and ran out of his room. 

    “Where are they?” He asked his nanny. 

    “They just left. I believe they should still be in the parking lot,” the nanny said, and he ran out. 

   He ran to the parking lot and saw his father about to enter the car. 

    “Wait! I’ll do it!” He shouted, and Mr. Russ looked at him. 

    “What’s he saying?” Mrs. Russ asked, and Mr. Russ chuckled. 

    “Ww now have an agreement, young man. I know you’d change your mind, you’re just being your father’s son. Someone will come over to train you, just do exactly as you are taught, and you will achieve everything you desire,” Mr Russ said. 

    “Honey, what are you talking about? What conversation do you both have behind my back,”

    “I’ll give it my best… dad,” he muttered, and Mr. Russ patted his hair. 

  Mrs. Russ let out a sigh in disgust and her husband smiled at her. 

    “I’ll explain on our way,” he said, and entered the car. 

  Micheal returned inside, awaiting the person that his father wants to send over to him, and it was Mr. Jones 

    “Good morning, sir. I’m Jayden Jones, I’m one of the chairman’s secretaries, and from now henceforth, I’ll be your secretary, and I’ll teach you everything you have to know about the company,”

    “You wiki make me the chairman to be able to beat that woman?” 

    “I’ll do my best, sir. I’ll only train you, but you will be the one doing the most,”

    “I’ll cooperate, as long as I can beat that  woman!” He muttered with clenched fist. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Micheal smiled and shook his head before looking at him father. 

    “It’s too late, dad, I just realized that I can’t beat her your way, so I don’t even want to beat her anymore. I just want to be true to myself,”

    “What do you mean by that?”

  “I’m fed up, I’m tired of everything,” 

   “I won’t process your resignation, but you will receive a cut for insubordination,” with that Mr. Russ left, and Michael lament on his bed. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Stanley arrived at school, and joined Austin in their suite. 

   “Hey, you’ve been coming early these days,”

  “If I care about myself, of course I should,”

    “Your parents are still around?”  

   “I don’t know why it’s taking them forever to go on a business trip this time. I had enough. I want this whole shlt to be overrrr. I need a vacation. Don’t make any plans after the mid semester exams, ok? I’ll tell Mike once he arrives,”

    “What’s your plan?”

    “First, we should search for Steven. That guy disappeared and we aren’t even doing anything about it. It like he never existed,”

     “I’m also worried about him,”  

     “Then why aren’t you doing anything?”

     “Seriously, man. I’ve problems of my own,”

     “What? The math club? I’m studying hard so I won’t have to drop basketball, Mike has his own worries with the engagement, but we still managed to think about Steve. You’re the one who can resolve it all, and all you worry about is the math club and new rides. Tell me, do you have a new ride in mind again? Seriously, I’m not getting it until I ace this exam, and find Steve,”

     “You really don’t know anything, do you? But man, you’ve to be on my side this time, you know I’m following Bentley…”

     “I knew it,” Austin teased, and they both laughed. 

    “What? Come on, man. Getting those cars is my only source of joy and happiness. And that scooter, we are getting that too,”  

      “We had a bet on that, we are getting the beach house!”

     “That’s if you win,”

    “Do you see yourself wining?“

     “Whatever! But we are getting this ride,”

     “Get off it, man. Put that energy on your math, and also find Steven. Period!”

    “Come on…” he whined, tickling Austin but Austin push him away. 

  He kept on whining, and Austin ran off. They both started running around when they heard the broadcast. 

     “Isn’t that Mike?” Austin said, and Stanley paid attention. “What’s he up to?” Austin grumbled, and Stanley ran out. “Hey! Where are you going?” Austin shouted, and ran after him. 
*
  Austin got to the broadcast station hallway, and met Stanley  and Paulina there. 

     “What’s going on, man?” Austin asked. 

    “I already disconnected everything, but we still have to stop him,” Stanley muttered. 

     “Stop him from what?! What are you not telling me, man?” Austin shouted, and Stanley exhaled heavily. 

    “Do  you think that will save him?” They heard Ava asked, approaching them.  

     “What do you want, Ava?” Stanley blurted. 

     “I don’t have any business with you!” She snapped, but he blocked her path. 

    “Leave Mike alone!” He shouted.
*
Paulina held Michael's trembling hands, and he looked at her.

Allow me, Lina, he muttered.

You don't have to punish yourself this way. Even if the truth will be revealed, you don't have to do it yourself. You didn't choose to be born that way. If you do this now, and everything crumble on you, you will live with the regret forever, she said and he embraced her.

I really want to be true to myself, he cried.

What's going on? What am I oblivious to? They heard Austin asked.

Good decision you made, Mike. It's a very bold step, Ava teased.

What are you all hiding from me?

Wow, seems like you're the only one in the dark. But since everyone are bound to find out soon, let me begin from you. Your outstanding friend, is a piece of trash, an illegitimate! She said and they all looked at her.

What? What's she talking about? Austin grumbled.

Come on, man, don't listen to her. Stanley said holding him, but Austin jabbed his hand away.

You knew, she knows, even her. Everyone knows except me....why? Why am I the only one in the dark, why? He shouted and Stanley exhaled heavily.

It's getting boring, Ava sneered and left.
**
**
IN AN UNKNOWN PLACE^^^

Mr. Ethan went out when he saw Don's message, and saw Don limping in.

What happened? Mr. Ethan asked worriedly.

I got him, boss, Leo 

And where's he?

In the hospital. He was attacked by armed men, but I was able to yeukd them all.

Is he in critical condition?

No, the doctor assured that he's in good shape.

Good! Then you should have let him woke up before coming. Go bring him with you, don't return till he's in good shape.

Yes boss.

Your end is near, Packard's! Mr. Ethan muttered, with clenched fist.

TBC
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FORTY EIGHT. 4️⃣8️⃣
.
            ❣️❣️sad genius❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  Austin left the broadcasting room, and stood on the rooftop of the broadcast station. The fact that Micheal is an illegitimate was shocking enough, but everyone else know expect him. Stanley knew it all, Ava knew as well, and even Paulina. 

    “So why was I left in the dark?” He grumbled, and threw his fist in the air. 

     “Austin, why are you here?”

     “I don’t want to speak to any of you. So, leave!” 

    “Austin, I’m sure Mike has his reasons for hiding it from us. If I were him, I would do the same,”

    “Us? The nerve of you to use that word. You weren’t in the dark Stan, I was the only one. Why? Because I’m gong to mock him? You thought I was gonna call him a piece of trash like Ava does? Or you probably thought I was going to bully him. You all think too little of me!”

    “I didn’t tell you because I wish I never find out as well. My curiosity got the best of me, and I started digging into what I shouldn’t have. I made a mistake, that why I doesn’t feel it’s right to share it, I couldn’t even confront Mike about it,”

   “And when that scandal broke out, what did you tell me then? You went ahead and dig out  everything, and kept the information to yourself. You played oblivious, and took me for a f0ol,”

   “I’m sorry, man. I’m out of excuses,”

   “How long have you known? Was it when the scandal broke out, or before then?”

    “Before then. It was when he broke up with Ava,”

    “What? You knew that all these years?”

   “I didn’t intend to pry, but Mike said it himself. He was drunk that night, after Ava broke up with him. You were on a training, so you couldn’t hang out with us, he said he wasn’t a true elite, he said he was a piece of trash and that’s why Ava broke up with him. I was confused at that moment, and allowed my curiosity take the best of me. Austin, sulking this way isn’t the best way ro resolve this. Mike needs us now than ever,”

    “Sulking? The nerve of you to use that word!”

   “Austin…”

   “Leave! Now! Otherwise, I’ll be the one to complete the unannounced broadcast!” He lashed, and Stanley exhaled heavily. 

   “I’ll leave, man. I believe you need time to think,” with that Stanley left. 

   “They all knew, they all knew expect me,” he muttered, in a sober voice. 
**
**
  Mifheal and Paulina sat in his suite with different thoughts running on thier minds when Stanley walked in. 

    “Mike, are you ok?” He asked. 

   “Is Austin ok?” Micheal asked back. 

   “He will get over it. He is just sulking,”

    “How did you know? I’m aware that I shouldn’t be asking you that, but I’m still curious. How long have you known?”

    “It was after you broke up with Ava. I’m sorry,” he said, and Michael’s eyes widened. 

   “Since then? Did Ava told you?” 

   “Ava and I aren’t that close. You were the one who told me,”

    “I did? When?”

   “You said it yourself when you were drunk, that you aren’t a true elite. You said she broke up with you because you were a piece of trash, but I couldn’t bring sense from it all.  My curiosity got the best of me, and… I’m sorry, man. I shouldn’t have pried “

    “How come you didn’t say anything? You acted up all these while and pretended like you knew nothing.  Why? Does it make you feel better?”

   “Mike…. I couldn’t do anything because u regretted it. I acted like I knew nothing because I wish I didn’t.  I shouldn’t have pried, it was my mistake,” 

    “I should have known from the start, there can’t be anything hidden from you. I should’ve known,”

     “Mike…. I really didn’t mean to pry,”

   “Get out, I don’t want to see you,”

   “Mike,” Paulina called. 

   “Stay out of it, Lina. Leave!” 

   “Mike, come on,” Paulina said. 

   “It’s fine, Lina. Allow him take it out on me. I made a mistake, so it’s just right. I’ll leave, man, if that will make you feel better,” with that he left. 

     “Mike you shouldn’t have done that. He made a mistake, and he apologized for it,”

     “Lina, don’t take his side,” he muttered. 

     “Mike…”

     “I’m so embarrassed right now. The fact that he knew these whole time and acted up is so embarrassing,” he said in a sober voice, and she embraced him. 
**
**
  Austin was eating alone at the cafeteria during recess break, and the students didn’t stop pointing fingers and grumbling words. 

 He ignored them all and paid more attention to his meal, when Simeon drew the seat opposite him. He looked up to see its Rae. 

    “Why are you here alone like a lost puppy?”

   “I wanna be alone,”

   “That’s not the energy,”

    “Just leave,”

    “Do you really mean it? Rumors are going around that Mike disband the MASS, and that was what he wanted to announce. Steven transferred without trace, and here you are eating alone. So it all just make sense,”

    “Just leave while I’m being polite,” he muttered, and she chuckled. 

     “Too bad, my thought I was flung to save you this time. Well… I’m leaving, I really am,” she said, and intend to leave but he held her back. “Why say what you don’t mean?” She teased, and sat down back. 

    “Can we leave this place together? I shouldn’t have come here,”

    “Follow me,” she said, and held his hand leading him away. 
*
  She lead him to the poolside, and started removing her shoes. 

   “Do you want to swim?” He asked. 

   “Nope. I just want to wet my legs with the water. It works for relaxation, you should do the same,” she said, and he chuckled. 

   “Let’s give it a shot,” he said, and removed his shoes and started pulling off his trousers. 

    “What are you doing? You don’t have to remove that,”

   “Then I’ll have to roll it up, what if it comes down and gets wet?”

   “You are such a clown. Do as you like,” she teased, and he chuckled. 
*
  They both sat by the poolside with their legs in the water, staring at the beautiful water. 

    “I never could have imagined that this could be relaxing. The guys really need to try this,”

    “That means you guys aren’t disbanding after all,”

    “We had a misunderstanding, and I doubt if we can ever return to how we used to be,”

    “I bet there are times when friends need that space. We all met as strangers anyways,”

    “Like you and your friends?” 

    “Kind of,”

    “Why were you suddenly out? I thought it was Alicia before, and it was reasonable because of the broadcast,” 

    “I stopped being friends with them,” 

   “Why?”

   “I wasn’t feeling it anymore. The friendship. We were looking more like a cult than friends, and I hate others bossing me,”

   “Oh… Ava must’ve got on titration nerve,”

   “I thought this was supposed to be about you,”

   “Am I prying?” He muttered. 

   “What happened between you and the others?”

    “They are hiding something from me. They both knew it, but kept me in the dark. Yeah, I know I can be unreasonable at times, but I also know the value of friendship, but they think too little of me, they don’t trust me,”

    “They must’ve had their reasons. I believe people hid things at times because they can’t bring themselves to share it. There is one thing about timing, there is always a time for everything, but no time will seem right if you can’t find courage to do something. And that might be the case,” 

     “Gosh. Did you just take their side?”

    “Do you want me to take sides?”

    “You don’t even know what they hid from me,”

    “You should have shared it if you wanted me to know. But, no. Since it’s difficult for your friends to share it with you, then it won’t be easy for you to share it as well,”

    “I really don’t know, Rae. I wanna get angry, I want to be mad, but you just ruin it all,”

    “So, are you forgiving them?”

   “I wasn’t planning to be angry for too long. Like Stanley said, I was just sulking and I guess I was,”

    “You should go to them,”

   “Nah… I have pride too. What will going to them so easily make me?” He said, and she laughed. 

     “How have your studying been going? Have you finally given up?” 

    “There is no such thing as giving up,”

   “The mid semester exam is by the corner,”

    “Yeah. I’ll ace it, so I can begin my training. My coach has been bothering me,”

    “You really have confidence “

  “If I don’t, what will I do?”

   “What’s your study guide?”

   “Study guide? What’s that?”

   “Gosh. How do you study without a guide?”

   “I study all the subjects, I need to improve in all. I really have a long way to go,”

   “More reasons why you need a guide,”

    “Why don’t you just help me?”

    “Why should I? You were trying to threaten me before,” 

    “I really lost it then. I don’t know what to do,”

    “Your father is something else. I believe he is one of the rare fathers that worry about grades,”

    “I also don’t understand him at times. I’m the heir either I have good grades or not. Just because he and mum are smart, and my sisters are all smart as well, he thought he could have it all,” he grumbled, and she laughed. 

    “I now see why he is the chairman of the parents board,”

    “You can say all that because you aren’t in my shoes. Even if you are, you managed to have good grades,”

   “I don’t usually do group reading, I just find a convenient time to study on my own, and at times I pick up some things from class. But let’s give it a shot. The truth is, I’m also a fan of you, I love to see you play basketball, I like it when you win those medals for our school. If you don’t go, then Chris might be the one to win, and I hate that guys gut. He is too fo0l of himself, I mean…. I believe everyone at that school are. Holland high deserves to keep on winning as we always do. So, let’s give it a shot,” she said, and he embraced her. 
**
**
  Stanley went to the school bar, and kept himself company with a bottle of alcohol. There is no way he could go to class, and he can’t even try to apologize to Micheal again. Austin is equally mad too, so he believed everything was his fault. 

 His mother has always warned him against prying into people’s private lives, but it couldn’t be helped. He found himself hacking into his father’s home phone when he was younger, and discovered he had a mistress, and made the same mistake with Micheal too. 

    “This is just too hard…” he grumbled, and emptied his glass of wine when someone took the seat next to him. 

    “Seeing you like this, the rumor must be true,” the person said, and he turned to see Jessica. 

     “What do you even know?” He grumbled. 

    “Compared to you, I know nothing. You are the best in cybersecurity, and best at math, what could I know?”

    “Are you that envious of me?” He asked, and she glared at him. 

   “You must have a lot going on. Please, leave. school dismissed already, so it’s time to shut the bar. School president’s duty!” she said, and he checked his wristwatch. 

    “Gosh, you are right. I didn’t realize how much time flies,” 
*
  He went to his motorcycle and tried to drive, but he started feeling dizzy from drinking all day. 

    “If I were you, I would order a ride,” he heard Jessica said, walking past her. 

   “I wish I could,” he muttered, and held his head in pain. 
*
  Stanley and Jessica sat together in the closet coffee shop, and he emptied his cup of coffee in a single gulp. 

   “Wow. That was so good,” he exclaimed. 

   “You seem to be doing better, I should get going now,” she said, and intend to leave but he held her back. “What?!” She blurted. 

   “I thought you wanted to keep me company,” he said, and she scoffed. 

   “Why should I?” She blurted. 

    “Can’t you be nice to me? Why do you hate me so much? We have been school mates for years,”

    “So? There are over thousands of people at school,”

   “And you just hate me from those thousands,”

   “What are you talking about? I have few friends, I believe everyone knows that,” 

    “Same. I also have just Mike, Austin, and Steve.“

   “Everyone knows that too,”

   “But I also want us to be friends,”

   “Do you think that would make me accept you in the math club?”

    “It’s not only about the math club…” he shuddered, and his phone started beeping strangely. 

    “What’s that about?” She asked, a bit startled. 

    “Why is he around here?” He grumbled. 

    “What? Are you using that to track someone?”

     “Thanks for the coffee, I’m feeling better now. Let’s leave,” 

     “Wait. Are you running from someone?” She asked. 

    “You talk too much!” He blurted, and dragged her up. 

   They both went to the parking lot, and saw his father alighting from his car, so he managed to hid behind her car till he was gone. 

    “What’s that about? Did you just hid from your father?”

    “Was that my father?”

    “Are you kidding me? Your phone made that sound because he was close. You were aware of that,”

    “Must you be front with everything?”

    “It must’ve been cool to know it all. Imagine, you can even do that to your father’s phone,” 

     “You think it’s cool, right?”

    “Are you trying to flaunt?”

    “While everyone think it’s cool, I wish I was just like every one else. I don’t want to know everything,”

    “Wow. Seems like you have a sob story. Gosh, what a day,”
*
  They went to a beach together, and he sat on the sand staring at the water. 

    “Why did you make us come here? Look at me, Stan. Unlike you, I study hard to pass each exams, and I’ already behind my study plan,”

    “I really envy you,”

   “What’s that supposed to mean?”

     “I mean… you study after school, hang out with friends, fulfill your school president duties, and still managed to be get good grades,”

     “If you are trying to insult me, you just succeeded!” She snapped and wanted to get up  but he held her back. 

     “I actually meant it. I know it comes easy for me to solve those maths problems, but you study so hard and still managed to get those grades, I think you are cool,”

    “Goodness, you must have lost it. If this is your way to manipulate me into letting you in the math club, keep dreaming!” She blurted, a she chuckled. 

     “I’m feeling better now, thank you,”

    “Goodness! I blame myself for caring,”

    “Do you still have feelings for Mike?”

    “What nonsense!”

     “Come on, the whole school knew you liked him,”

     “That was a passing crush,”

    “But you hated Ava when they started dating,”

    “That’s past now. Why are you even asking me this?”

    “I want to know if you are this way because you still have feelings for Mike,”

    “¥uck! Who cares about him?”

    “So, can I court you?”

   “Did I heard that correctly?”

    “Thanks for today, I’ll try my luck again with the math club,” with that, he ran off. 

   “What’s that?” She grumbled, and scoffed before leaving. 
**
**
  MR. PACKARD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Mr. Packard shot three men foot sending them to the ground, groaning in pain. 

   “Just one man, and you all failed. Yet, you’ve the audacity to return,”

   “Forgive us, sir,”

   “Grey, look for him. I don’t care if you have to search the entire city, but you must find him. I’m sure he must be at a hospital,” 

    “Yes, sir,” Grey said. 

   “Sir, miss Ava is here,”someone notified him. 
*
  He went to his living room and met Ava there. 

    “Grandpa, I shouldn’t have let you handle anything!” She snapped, and he forced a smile. 

   “My dear, I’m having a bad day, so don’t provoke me,”

    “I’m also having a bad day because of you. What will I do if Mike expose it himself? That’s the only weapon I’ve against him!” She lashed. 

    “If you aren’t careful, they will dig out a lot of things about us, and they will have several weapons against you,”

   “What are you talking about?”

   “Ava, I don’t want tiy to have any flaws, you are my precious granddaughter and I want everything to work for you,”

    “Then you should do just that. Mike threaten to break off the engagement, and you aren’t doing anything about that freeloader either!”

   “Ava, we are in no position to mess with anyone,”

   “Is this about mum election? I don’t care about that!”

    “Shut up!” He snapped, and she flinched. 

    “Grandpa…”

   “Listen to me, Ava. Don’t do anything, you’re in no position to make any mistakes, don’t do anything, Ava. Else, it would all crumble on you,” he said, confusing her. 

    “What are you talking about, grandpa?”

    “Sir, we have a problem,” one of Mr. Packard’s men said running in. 
    
     “What is it?”

    “This was recently published few minutes ago, it has reached the opposing party, and they are making good use of it,” he said, and Mr. Packard collected his phone — an article about the car accident that Leo and Ms. Grace where involved in years ago. 

    “It won’t be easy to bring this down because of our opponents,” he muttered, and his phone rang — a call from Grace. 

    📲*Father, what do I do?* she cried from the other end of the call. 
     📞*Get it together! Prepare for a press conference, I’ll join you,” with that he dropped this call. 

   “Addressing this now will makes it useless,” he muttered, with clenched fist. 

    “Grandpa, what’s going to happen now?” 

    “You see why we mustn’t act rashly. Leave it all to me, Ava, grandpa will handle it one after the other before the worst happens,”

    “The worst?” She muttered, and he patted her back. 

   “I’ve a press conference to prepare for,” with that, he left. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 Huuuuuu…. 😁
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FORTY NINE. 4️⃣9️⃣
.
          ❣️❣️new scheme❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 IN LOUIS’S HOUSE^^^
^
  Ever since Charlotte recovered her memory from that accident, she has been thinking of what she can do, and wondering who could set up that. She refuse to believe that Grace could pull that up. Grace could disgust her, but she doubt if she could actually waht her d£ad, and she even took Paulina with her, which shouldn’t have happened if she wanted her gone. She couldn’t share her thoughts with Louis, because he has been busier with work these days, he seems to have a lot of patients, and he is always rushing to the hospital upon emergency calls so she didn’t want to bother him. 

 After giving it all a thought, she made up her to mind to go her father. If he was going to bring the Packard’s down without playing dirty, then she should go to him and ensure he isn’t playing dirty. She also realized that being with him will also make it easier to set things right, so she can be with her daughter again. 

 She packed few things in a bag, and waited for Louis who arrived home after midnight. 

   “Louis, welcome,” she said, and collected his bag. 

   “Why are you still up? I would be disappointed if you were waiting for you,” he muttered, and she pouted her lips cutely. 

   “What do I do? I guess I already disappointed you,” she whined, and he chuckled. 

   “If you act this way, I can’t even scold you,” he stated, and she muttered. “It’s past midnight, you should have gone to bed,” 

    “You came back this late,”

    “Yeah… I know,”

    “You’ve been returning late these days. Do you have too many patients? Or is your patient’s case that serious?”

    “I only attend to VIP patients, and my recent patient is a handful. He is a congressman. That aside, he doesn’t allow other doctors attend to him, and the director is willing to do everything to please him. He got his surgery last week, and he is better now. Hopefully, he would be discharged soon,”

    “You must’ve been really exhausted,”

    “A cup of coffee,” he muttered, and sat freely on the couch. 

    “I’ll be right back,” she said, and hurried to the kitchen. 

  She returned with the coffee, and met him already asleep on the couch. 

    “He must have been really tired,” she muttered, and wipe off sweats from his face. 

   She put the coffee away and went to get blanket to cover him up. 

    “I shouldn’t be bothering you with my problems, your job is hard enough. I’m sorry, Louis,” she muttered, and kissed his forehead. 

    “Madam, you are still up,” she heard Ms. Bella said. “Is professor back?” 

    “Shhh… he is asleep,”

    “Oh, he must’ve be really tired. I haven’t seen him this tired since he moved back here. Traveling tho and fro everyday must have been hard for him, and now his job is taking over. Saving people’s life must be a tough job,” with that she left. 

  Charlotte stared blankly at her retreating back, and looked at Louis before going to her room. 

    “Helping me must have really stressed him out. More reasons why I should leave,” she thought, and laid flat on her bed. 
**
**
 IN AN UNKNOWN PLACE, SOMEWHERE AT A HOSPITAL ^^^
^
   Don opened his eyes when he felt Leo’s hand moved, and Leo sat up immediately. 

    “You, who sent you?” Leo muttered, grabbing Don’s collar. 

    “Even if I wanna harm you, you are too weak to fight back now, so save your strength,” Don remarked, and jabbed his hand off. 

     “You aren’t one of them. You are the one who saved me, who are you? Who sent you? No, I think I’ve seen you before. You are the man from that day. Are you from Grace’s opponent?”

   “You’ve a good memory. At least you know I rescued you,”

   “You must’ve been strong for the both of us to them over those men alone. You didn’t even get a scratch “

    “Nah… I nursed it. I can’t risk having more than that,”

    “Thank you for saving me, but you won’t get any hung from me,”

     “That’s not the street rule, man. I saved you, you owe me one,”

    “I don’t hwge anything on her. I’m useless to you,”

    “Wow. So Mr. Packard sent those end to escort a useless man to afterlife, that’s a waste of resources if you would ask me,” 

    “You… you aren’t from the opponent party, who are you?”

   “Me, I’m someone who can only live if you are alive. Simply saying we both owe each other our lives. That’s who I am,”

    “What nonsense…” Leo grumbled. 

  Don phone rang later, and he picked it up immediately. 

    📞*ok,” he muttered, and dropped the call. 

   “We have to leave this place,” he said, and Leo looked at him. 

    “What?” 

    “Mr. Packard is on a search for you, I can’t explain everything now… but if you care about your life we have to leave now,”

     “And why should I listen to you?”

     “Because I was the one who saved you. We both have to live, b@stard, so listen to me!” Don shouted, pulling him by the collar. 

   They left the ward and told the nurse that they want to take a walk, and flee from there. 

     “I have a destination,” Leo muttered. 

     “You’re returning to shark lord?”

      “Did you run a check on me?”

      “That’s a no go area. Mr. Packard sent one of his men to shark lord residence, they are also on a search for you,”

     “Thats not possible,”

    “Why do you think so? Because he helped you out of jail, you think he wouldn’t dumb you to curry favor from a powerful politician?” Don blurted, and Leo grabbed his clothes. 

     “Let it! Else… we might both dle. I need to focus  to drive,”

    
“Why should I believe you?”

   “How many times will I tell you that it’s because I saved you, you owe me your life and you have to live so I can live as well!” Don snapped. 

    “Drop me in the nearest bus station,”

    “If you are going to shark lord, I’ll take you there myself,”
**
**
  CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION^^^
^
  Grace was preparing to leave the house when she heard the door clicked open, and Paul walked in. 
    
    “Paul, you slept out last night,”

    “Yes. I have business in New York, so I slept over. What’s that article?”

    “What article ? Hundred of articles are released everyday concerning my election. Even though I know I’m going to win, all those articles made it seem certain,”

    “Don’t act dumb! That article about you being involved in an accident with a strange man, and sending him to prison without trial,” 

   “I already addressed that issue with dad, didn’t you watch the press conference? Oh… you must’ve been busy and missed it. The police will investigate whoever released the false information, so don’t worry about a thing. Its obviously from my opponent,”

   “Grace, if that’s just an excuse you made to the public, you better be honest with me now. Did you really got involved in that accident or not?” 

   “Paul… can’t you at least believe me?” 

   “I can’t, and you are aware of that,”

   “Paul, for crying out loud? We were friends for over two decades before we get married, can’t you at least believe me for the sake of our friendship?” 

   “You’ve changed, Grace. You changed a long time ago. And even now, you are still lying to me,”

   “If yiu don’t believe me, then go find prove that I lied. I had enough explaining!”

   “You’re right, I should always find proof before confronting you because I’ll never hear the truth from you. But, if you still considered the friendship we once shared, answer me honestly. Do you know that guy? The one in the article,” 

   “NO! And that’s all you will hear from me,” with that, she intend to leave. 

   “Then explain this,”  he said, showing her his tab—in it, there was a picture of she and Leo together. 

  She gasped, and her hands started trembling in fear. 

   “How… hooowwe….” She shuddered, short of words. 

   “If you really didn’t know him as you claimed, if that article was false, then why did you meet him?”

    “Where did you get this?”

    “Is that the answer?”

    “Answer me!” She shouted grabbing his shoulder. “You’ve to tell me how you got this. Did you have someone tail me? Please answer me,”

    “Why would I have anyone tail you?” He snapped, freeing himself from her. 

    “Then how… who sent this to you? Are they trying to blackmail you?”

    “I got this pictures this morning from an anonymous person, with a message that I would be shocked if I find out what you are hiding from me. The sender seems to know a lot about some  dirty things you might jags been involved in. He said he is going to review them gradually, and I should be ready,”

    “No, no. It’s Leo. No, no, dad has to hear this,” she grumbled, and her hands trembling as she was trying to dial a number. 

  Paul exhaled heavily, and collected the phone from her. 

   “Give it back, I have to call dad,” she said in fear. 

   “What are you so scared of to be this way? Who is this Leo guy and what does he have on you? Is it about the election? Goodness, Grace, are you going to be like this because of the election?”

   “It’s not about the election!” She yelled, startling him. 

   “Then what? What’s making you this scared?” 

    “You don’t know anything, Paul, and you don’t need to know,” with that she collected her phone from him and left. 
**
**
SOMEWHERE AROUND SHARK LORD RESIDENCE ^^^
^
 Don has been in his car since morning after dropping Leo off. He couldn’t leave the residence from fear of what could happen to Leo, neither does he have the courage of going in. Shark lord is a fearsome mafia boss,  and he doesn’t dare to wander around his vicinity. 

  He stayed out in his car hoping that Leo would run out for him to save him if anything goes wrong. He can’t afford to miss Leo, because Mr. Ethan might really take his live if he does. 

  He waited in the car till it was late at night, when he saw someone fly out from the fence, he focused well, and confirmed its Leo, and he was being chased by men. 

   “Gotcha!” Don cheered, and drove closer to him. “Get in, now! We don’t have time!” He said, and  Leo hurried in, then Don speed off. 

    “It’s you again,” Leo said, panting heavily. 

    “I told you didn’t I? You will have to live for me to live,” 
    
     “You were right, I think he boss plotted against me,”

    “He doesn’t have to plot against his underlinings, he simply wanted to get rid of you!”

    “Who are you working for? And where are you taking me?”

    “You owe me again, buddy. So since I saved you twice, you’ve to listen to me,” Don said, and the rest of the ride was in silence. 
**
  They arrived at the safe house, and Mr. Ethan welcomed them. 

   “Wow. You recall saved your a$$, Don,” Mr. Ethan teased. 

   “Thank you, boss,” 

    “I don’t think I know you, sir,” Leo managed to mutter. 

    “You wili know me soon enough. But I know a lot about you. Your daughter, and my granddaughter, attend the same school,” he said, and Leo eyes widened in shock. 

    “Who are you?”

    “Someone whose granddaughter attends the same school as your daughter. Let’s put it that way,”

    “I don’t know the daughter you’re talking about,”

    “Oh… I know. But, I doubt,”

    “Sir, I don’t know why I am here, but you will get nothing from me,”

    “You’re one stubborn one. For someone who my man saved his life, you’re a really hard one,”

    “Just let me go, sir,”

    “Where do you want to go? To threaten the Packard’s who are out ti get rid of you? Or back to your boss who abandoned you,”

    “I…” 

  “Don’t worry, your mother is in good hands,” 

   “What? My mother? What did you do to her?”

   “I said she is in good hands. Don’t you trust me? Do you want to have a word with her?” 

    Leo spoke with his mother on the phone, and she talked about the free ticket she won to New York, before they ended the call. 

   “Your mother would be in New York enjoying her free trip just until the election is over,”

   “I’m willing to do everything sir, as long as my mother is safe,”

   “That’s also what you told that Packard years ago before you were sent to prison, and you didn’t even tried to defend yourself,” 

    “How long have you been tailing me?”

   “Just recently. I just guess that,” he said, and laughed. “Come on, you just vowed to me, can’t you even laugh to a joke?”

   “What do you want from me,”

    “Goodness. You are one hard one, but I love the energy 

    “I’m someone who hates the Packard’s, and I want to bring them down. Every single one of them! So first, let’s stir it up by proving the little one true blood,”

    “No, don’t. Not that!” Leo blurted

    “What do you mean?”

     “I’m going to help you get the Packard’s. I have some things on them, and I’ll help you gather more. But not that, not that,”

     “But that’s the sharpest tool to bring them down now, with that the election will be automatically decided, and he will be busy trying to save the election, while I strike him from behind,”

   “There are other ways to get them, sir. Mr. Packard is involved in so many fugitive activities, embezzlement is f donations funds, and he also has countless of illegal dealings. He recently helped a criminal escape prison to help him get rid of someone. Stuffs like that, he does that a lot. I can help you get them all, but that not that,”

   “Good! Revealing that won’t send that b@stard to prison anyways, so let’s go for what you have. If he goes to prison, then his daughter election is automatically down. It’s still a win-win. But, we’ve to make an agreement,” 

    “What’s it’s, sir?”

    “If you fail to get the Packard’s for me before the election is over, I’ll reveal their dirty secret, and you will have to cooperate and work my way “

     “Yes, boss,” he assured, and Mr. Ethan chuckled, before patting his shoulder. He looked at Don who bowed slightly, and nodded. 

    “Don’t worry Charlotte, very soon, just very soon, I’ll make them feel the same pain, in threefold!” He thought, smiling brightly. 
*
  Leo excused himself to use the restroom, and Don looked at Mr. Ethan. 

   “Split it,” Mr. Ethan blurted. 

   “Boss, do you trust him?”

    “I don’t even trust me,” he muttered, and Don bowed his head. “I stopped trusting my subordinates, I guess this is what they call beaten one,”

    “Boss, so are you really going to do it his way?” 

    “If don’t have to leave everything to hold. We can also come up with our own way,”

    “What’s your plan, boss?”

    “I already sent Kai to the Packard’s,”

    “What? Sir, but Kai is incompetent,”

    “That’s an overestimate,”

     “Why did you sent him there? If you need an undercover, you should have sent someone more competent,”

     “That’s why I sent him there. He is incompetent, but u choose him because he will do anything to prove himself, and if he fails, he will dle by the Packard’s hands,” 

     “Hmmm…”

    “I’m putting everything on a tiny rope, son. And if it cut, I’m not going down alone this time, I’ll drag everyone of you along,” 

    “We will all work hard, boss,”

    “You should,”

    “Isn’t he staying too long there?” Don said, referring to Leo. 

    “He is trying to find out who I’m. I’m sure he has turned down the internet trying to figure out who I am. Let’s hope he doesn’t run off from there,” Mr. Ethan muttered, and chuckled. 
*
  Leo returned later, and she begin to carry out thier plans. 

    “The chief prosecutor always helped him cover up all his crimes, he has been dirty since he was a politician,” Leo said. 

   “Obviously,” Mr. Ethan remarked. 

  “But the chief Prosecutor retried last year, and there is another capable prosecutor has been on the Packard’s,”

    “Who?”

   “Prosecutor Dennis,”

    “How do you know about this?”

    “He is my uncle,” he said, and they all looked at him. “No, no, no. It’s not the way you imagined it. 

    “Your uncle?” 

    “Yes, he has been curious about the Packard’s since he sent me to prison years ago. So he transferred to the center district two years ago,” 

    “Wow!”

   “It’s not what you think, he is here to get revenge or anything. My uncle actually dislikes me, and he didn’t even try to help me out of jail,”

    “So why is he on the Packard’s?”

   “He is also a corrupt prosecutor. He wants to have the Packard so he can curry favor from them,” 

   “Wow. This is going to be more difficult than I think,” 

   “There should be a way to get our hands on him,” Don said. 

    “What’s his weakness? Any family member?” Mr. Ethan asked. 

   “He divorced few years ago, and his wife went abroad with their children. She already remarried, but my uncle is the one funding for the kids,”

    “So he has no relative here expect you?”

    “None, expect my mum and I,” he muttered. 

    “Then it’s settle! A man with no weakness, now reputation will be his only concern. Let’s pay him a visit,”

    “What?” Don and Leo chorused. 

    “Now?” Don asked with widened eyes. 

   “Yes, let’s go,” Mr. Ethan muttered, and took his jacket exiting the room. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Woah 😁
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FIFTY.5️⃣0️⃣
.
        ❣️❣️Steven’s story❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  HOLLAD HIGH^^^
^
 Students started arriving at school, and were welcomed with r the mid-semester examination timetable. The school already sent the timetable to them, but they still put it up in all notice boards. 

    👤*Gosh, seems like the exam is really happening,” the students grumbled. 
*
  Paulina exhaled heavily at the sight of the students gathered talking about the timetable before she find her way to class. 

  She looked at the MASS seats and sent Micheal a message. She didn’t see either of them at school yesterday, she even went to their suite but it was empty. Their misunderstanding collide with Micheal’s unfinished announcement already started a rumor that the friends are splitting up—Steven is gone, and now the others are not attending school again. She tried to talk to Micheal on the phone, and he assured that he would return to school beside the mid-semester exam, that he needed time to reset. 

    “Why are they all being hard on theirselves?” She thought, and exhaled heavily. 
**
  Austin went to the poolside to revise what he studied with Rae the other day, she had threatened to ask him questions, and stop studying with him if he fails. Studying with her so kinda hard, he wish he never started it, but he refused to stop like a dumb loser. 

    “I see you are here already,” she said, and he chuckled. 

   “You told me you were going to come during recess, you are quite early,”

    “Let’s say I decide to start recess now. Music glass is really not my cup of tea,”

    “I would say no classes are,” he said, and she chuckled. 

     “Let me guess… you didn’t attend classes today, neither did Mike, nor Stan, even Steven. What’s really going on with you guys? Are you really going to split up?”

    “Honestly, Steve has been out of reach, we also don’t know where he is, and Mike… he is probably gathering his thoughts together, while Stan is somewhere blaming himself everything, and my pride won’t make me reach out first. We are all messed up friends!” 

    “It happens,” she said, and he nodded. 

    “Do you think meeting here few hours after school is enough to study till the mid semester exam? The timetable is out,”

   “If you were this worried then you should have taken your studies seriously from the start,” she teased, and he let out a sigh. 

   “I heard you can study in the library for as long as you want, that’s the only place where the security won’t throw a fuss,”

   “Never! I hate libraries. It gives me creeps,”

   “But I think all smart people love the library?”

  “Go say that to Stan. Have you ever seen him study before?” She blurted, and he shook his head. 

   “Stan is a genius,”

   “I believe everyone follows what work for them. I agreed to study with you despite not being comfortable with group study, and you are still making choices,”

    “I have a goal you know. If I end up losing after all these, I might really loose my mind,”

   “Then think of other options, the library is not just it,”

   “Then shouod we do offsite?”

    “Where?”

   “My father has guesthouses around, we ca…”

   “NO! Never! Why would I be alone with you in a guesthouse?”

    “Then what do you want? You don’t want to use the ku tarn neither the guesthouses,”

    “I just hates the library,”

    “Then let’s do the guesthouse, we can even do at my private suite. Nobody comes there, it’s a conducive environment to study, and I’m sure we would study well together there,” he said, and she swallowed hard, avoiding eye contact with him. 

    “Let’s just revise first,” she muttered, and he nodded. 
**
**
MR. ETHAN’S WAREHOUSE ^^^
^
  Mr. Ethan drove into the warehouse when he received news that Charlotte was there, he only detailed men to guard her, he never expected them to bring  her to the warehouse. 

  He entered the warehouse, and saw hwr chattering with the men there. She has always been generous to his workers even when she was younger, she considered them all her uncles and never regard them as an underlining.  At times, he wondered how he managed to raise her that way. 

   “Miss Charlotte,” Don called surprised to see her, and that drew her attention to them. 

    “Boss!” The men chorused, and stood up immediately. 

    “Uncle… Don,” she shuddered, and Don smiled cheerfully. 

    “Miss Charlotte, I’m glad that you are safe. I was very frightened when I heard the news year ago,”

   “No, you weren’t. Dad... dad told me. No, I mean… but why are you here with dad?” She said, and Don’s jaw dropped as he realized what she was getting at. 

   “Charlotte, you shouldn’t be here,” Mr. Ethan said. 
*
  They both went in to talk properly, and he gave her a brief on his achievements so far. 

    “You are really going to prosecute him legally?”

   “I’ll bring out the bomb after a time. A prosecutor is willing to work for me after I offered him a fortune,”

    “Dad, I finally recovered the memory of that accident, but it didn’t really point at anyone. I was almost abducted, but I don’t know who omitted it,”

    “It’s the Packard’s, it can only be them,”

    “It’s not Grace, it can’t be her. She can’t try to klll me and take my daughter to Paul unharmed,”

    “I didn’t say it was the daughter, it’s the father and that why you have to be careful. I am trying to act as discreet as ever. That’s why you shouldn’t be here. That man can figure me out at anytime, the moment he discovered that I’m linked to Paulina, she might be in danger, 

   “I just ask them to bring me here, I’m not planning to live here. Dad… but about Don, he betrayed you once…-“

   “And he might do it again, that’s why this is dangerous,”

    “Dad… you are putting everything on the line?”

    “It’s either I fall while dragging the Packard along, or they fall. That’s the two options. So just be safe with that doctor, ask him not to do anything, tell him I’ll do everything. Getting the Packard’s legally and all, I’ll do it all before the election so just be rest assured,”

    “How can I be when you aren’t worried about yourself. Dad, I want all of this to be over on time, so we can all live happily together. Me, you, and Paulina,”

    “Ok,”

   “Just ok?”

   “I understand,”

   “That’s not what I want to hear dad, you’ve to promise me that you will be careful,”

    “I can’t,”

    “Why can’t you?”
    
   “Because I failed you once. So I don’t want to fail again. I can’t make any promises,” he said, and she sniffed in “Don!” He shouted, and Don rushed in. 

    “Get the men assigned to watch over Charlotte, and ensure they drive her back safely. I don’t want her here ever again,”

    “Yes, boss,”

     “Dad…” she called in tears. 

    “Miss Charlotte, please come out when you are ready,” Don said. 
**
**
   HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Sophie joined Sage at the rooftop, and he welcomed her with a smile. 

    “I’m glad you came. You’ve been really distant lately that I was scared that you might end up cutting ties with me,” she whined. 

   “I’m glad that you didn’t invite Lina,”

   “How long is it going to be this way? Won’t you ever get over the rejection?”
    
    “I don’t know. It’s seeming hard. Lina is the only reason why I’m here, and being here now just seems meaningless,”

     “My only reason for  enrolling in this school, why my parents made huge donations, and paid a fortune for my tuition is for me to associate with high class students, they want to use me to build connections, but everything change after I met you and Lina, my initial goal and all, I realized a new purpose and embraced our friendship. Doesn’t it work that way for you?”

    “I don’t quite get,”

    “Lina might be the reason you came here, but saying that it’s all meaningless when I thought we are friends, is quite upsetting, no, it’s extremely upsetting!” 

    “I’m really sorry, Sophie, I don’t mean it that way,”
     
    I don’t care! As far as I am concerned, throwing away our friendship just because Lina rejected you is really immature!”

    “Just because? It’s that easy for you to say Sophie, but I’m sorry. I was avoiding you because I was mad at myself. Even after getting rejected awfully, I still think about Lina, and being around you will make me miss her more, and I’m not ready to face all those again. I value our friendship and wish we could become the trio we once were, but I also need time to get over this heartache,” he said touching his chest, and she held his hand. 

    “It must’ve really hurt,”

    “Yes, it did. And it still hurts,”

     “I really hope that Lina could accept you,”

     “She has her reasons, so just until I could accept it, and understand her, just until then…”

   “It’s fine, Sage. Let’s take a break for a while, I won’t nag you and complain about our friendship anymore, but I’ll always be here when you need a friend,”

   “Thank you, Sophie. I’ll make sure to arrange those blind dates for you once the exams are over,”

   “Why are you thinking about that now?” 

    “What? Isn’t that what you always wanted?”

   “Yeah… that’s what I always wanted, but how could you think about that now that you got rejected? The pressure of the upcoming exams is hard enough, and Lina had to add hers to it. That girl, I really wish I could drag her ears!” She shouted, and he chuckled. 

    “You are more offended than I’m,”

   “What? Do you think I’m offended this way? Do you really want to see me offended?” She yelled, and he shook his head unable to control his laughters. 

   “No, please don’t. I don’t want to see you angry,” he said, still laughing. 

   “Look at you laughing. I’m glad that I could cheer you up, cheer up Sage, this is an inevitable phase in a teenager’s life, so it’s normal. It doesn’t mean that you aren’t good enough, it’s just normal,” she said, and he smiled. 

   “Why did you always sound like my mum,”

   “Gosh, I don’t know if I should be angry or honored to hear that,”

    “You should be honored, because to me, my mum is the wisest woman,”

    “I know. She is a judge, so she should,” 

   “Thank you, Sophie “ he muttered, and embraced her. 
**
**
   School dismissed later, and Paulina was walking through the hallway when she saw Sophie. 

 She wanted to call out to her, when Sage joined, they both hold hands leaving together.

   “What? Did they just left me out?” She thought sadly. 

  She instantly realized that it was best for her not to be there after rejecting Sage that way.

    “I think it’s best this way. He needs Sophie, and I… I would figure out myself,” she muttered. 

  She continued on her way and saw Austin heading to the parking lot. 

   “Hey, Austin,” she called out, and he turned to her with a glare. “Wrong timing,” she thought. 
*
 They entered his car, and the ride to the bus station was in silence until she broke the silence. 
    
    “I didn’t know you were at school today. Neither of you were in class, and the suite was also empty,”

   “What do you take me for? I’m not a good friend who could over look things like that. Mike and Stan kept a secret from me, and you… who are you? Why would he share something he hid from me with you? You were simply friends with us because of his urge to get back at Ava, but what? He even shared it with you and left me out. Well… it all makes sense, you are slightly alike. You are both illegitimate, with different backgrounds,”

   “Wow. Now I understand why Mike kept it all from you, you are very unreasonable. Stip the car, I’ll find my way from here,” 

    “We aren’t at the bus station yet,”

   “Do I look blind to you? I might be an illegitimate, but that doesn’t mean I have no pride. Stop the car!” She blurted, and he stopped it immediately. “While you are angry at Mike and Stan, you should also  take your time to think if you appear like a friend that he could freely share his shortcomings with,” with that she alighted from his car. 

  Austin hit the steering in anger. He couldn’t believe he said all those. 

    “Goodness man, get it all together!” He screamed , before he drove off. 
*
  Paulina board a taxi to the bus station, and find herself alighting at the station closet to the noodles shop. She stopped a taxi hoping they are back in business or Steven was back working there, although she knows it’s impossible. She think about him at times, and the thought of his being a murder baffles her a lot. He claimed  to be on the run, and if those guys were really murders, the thoughts of what they might have done to him was unthinkable.

  She got to the noddles shop, thankfully they are back on business but they are closed for a short break. 

   “Oh, miss, I’m glad you come again,” the owner welcomed her, and she smiled before in. 

   “I’m glad to see that you are back in business,” 

   “We reopened three days ago, and to our surprise, our customers seem to be waiting. We have too much orders that I had to put that sign outside to attend to the orders first before attending to more customers,”

    “Why don’t you get a help?” 

    “Yeah,  I should. But getting a part time worker is not really easy these days, and I am still wondering if Steven could return,” 

   “He never returned?”

   “He didn’t. He didn’t after he left, I wonder if he is doing well. Since you attend same school, and you are friends, you should be able to answer that more,”

    “He didn’t return to school either. It’s like he disappeared from the face of the earth,”

     “Do you think he travelled abroad?”

     “I would be glad if that was the case,” she muttered. 

    “Wait for a while, I’ll get your orders ready,”

    “But you said you have a lot of orders,”

    “Come on, you are like a family to me now. You weren’t just a regular here, but you also assist Steven with the deliveries whenever you stop by. So I can’t keep you waiting,”

    “More reasons why you should. If you have orders, you should attend to them, and if you need a hand, then I should assist you,” she said, and his eyes widened. 

    “No, you don’t have to,”

    “I won’t persuade you,”

   “Then allow me be trouble you, just this once,” he said, and she laughed. 
*
  She assisted him at the restaurant, while he went to send out orders before she placed her own order when everything dled down. 

    “Since you refused to get paid for today, then allow I’ll pack some noodles for you,”

   “No, sir. You really don’t have to. You have done more than enough by giving me this for free. I’m full, and won’t be able to eat those,”

    “You can share them with your family at home,”

    “Family?” 

   “I’ll be right back,” with that he left before she could protest. 

    She begun to pick on her food wondering if she had a family, she once did, and that was her mother. Her father might be paying title attention to her now but he was always too busy with work. She was engrossed in her thoughts, and missing her mother when she saw someone peeped into the restaurant, but the moment she caught the sight, the person ran off. 
   
   “What? Who could that be?” She thought and went out. 

 She searched around for the person, and saw the familiar back climbing on a motorcycle. 

   “Steven?” she called and he turned to look at her before driving off. “Wait! Steven!” She called out, but he retreat. 

  She stopped a taxi passing by to go after him, and they drove for minutes before he stopped at a big shopping mall. 

   “Wow, he must be fine seeing that he is here to shop,” she thought. 

   “This must be the infamous big shopping mall in this area,” the taxi driver said, getting her attention. 

   “Sorry, sir, but what made it infamous?”
    
    “People always tried to commit suicide here. It’s a really tall building…-“

    “Suicide? Sir, I’ll pay with this,” she said, and paid with her card before hurrying in. 

   “Come on, Lina, he has no reason to commit suicide. I mean… why would he?”
   “But he is on the run, he is being chased by murders,”
   “No, he said he is a murder,” 

  Different thoughts ran through her mind as she entered the elevator, heading to the rooftop and upon arriving there, her heart slipped a beat to see him standing by the tip of the rooftop. 

   “STEVEN… NOOOO…..” she screamed, and he turned to look at her. 

  She doesn’t care if she was exaggerating like the first day she saw him at the cafeteria rooftop, but she really think she need to stop him either he was just enjoying the view or attempting suicide. 

    “Don’t interfere this time Lina, stay away!” He shouted, and her eyes widened.  

   “This time? If you said this time, does that mean you really attempted suicide that day at school?” She shuddered. 

    “I told you to stop interfering, Lina, why won’t you listen? Because of you, all of this is happening because of you, it’s all your fault!” 

   “How is it my fault? Is it my fault that we are friends? What are you talking about? Why are you on the run and why is it my fault?” 

    “You shouldn’t have interfered back then, you shouldn’t have stopped me. Then all of these would have ended a long time ago. It’s all your fault, Lina, I’m suffering this way because of your nosiness, and all of that had to happen to Mr. Joe because of me,” he said, and she wondered why he mentioned the noddles restaurant owner. 

    “Mr. Joe? What happened to him because of you?”

    “Just let me be, Lina, pretend like this day never happened,”

    “Wait. If you are going to end it anyways, why don’t you just share it. That thing that hurt you so much, what kept bothering you, and all,”

    “You’re right, I should share it since I’ll end it all,” he muttered. 

   “I’m all ears, Steven,” 

  She took her phone and sent a message to Michael, but he didn’t respond. She thought of who else she could send a message to, and went to their after school club group and sent the message there hoping they show up and stop him. 

   “Steven, I’m listening,” she shuddered, with hopes that she could buy some time with that till someone show up. 

   “You must be curious about those guys and why I’m on the run, as I said, they are murderers, and their boss is my father, he murdered my mother,” he muttered in tears, and her eyes widened. 

    “What?” She muttered. 

   “And it was all my fault, she dled because of me, it was all my fault, I kllled her…” he cried. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK***
*
  Five-year-old Steven was in tears as he watched his mother packed, after packing, she went to embrace him. His father wasn’t home, so she drugged the few guards around to be able to leave. 

   “Steven, I wish I could take you with me but your father will come after us if I do. I promise to come back for you, I’m going to file for a divorce, and ensure I take you with me,”

  “Mummy…. Don’t go…” he cried, grabbing her dress. 

  “Steven, just hold on to the pendant, it’s a heirloom pendant and it’s very important to me so I have to come back for it. Hold on to it, son, and keep it safe for me,” she said, and kept the pendant in his pocket. 

   “Mummy… don’t go…” he cried, and she freed his little hands from her before leaving. 

  He ran after her but she shut the door behind him, and he broke down in tears. He sat on floor in tears and heard the doorbell opened back and his mother came in.  

   “How could I leave without you,” she cried, and he embraced her. 

   “Mummy….” 

   “Let’s go, baby. I’ll ensure to protect you from him, I’ll ensure you don’t have to live like him. Let’s go, before he returns,” she said, and carried him. 

 They
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FIFTY ONE. 5️⃣1️⃣
.
    ❣️❣️Stories before solution❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 Michael was busy in his study when he saw Paulina’s message but he ignored it. He had some work to finish before the next day, and talking to her would distract him when he already knows what she wanted to discuss—blabbering on his return to school. Seeing her send a message in their after school club group chat made him wonder what she sent there, and his eyes widened upon seeing the contempt. He put away what he was doing, and hurried out, heading to the location. 
**
  Austin was having dinner with his parents, and he didn’t stop glancing at the wall clock waiting for ten minutes so he could excuse himself. He couldn’t even press his phone in the dinning hall with them, neither can he digest his food properly. 

    “Your couch contacted me regarding your training. What have you been telling him? Didn’t you tell him you might quit?”

   “I’m not gonna quit, dad!”

    “Do you have confidence?” His mother teased. 

  He exhaled heavily, and peeped at his phone when he saw a message from the after school club. Already curious about what it was, he took his phone. 

    “Put that away, young man,” his father said but he ignored them to read the contempt. 

   “What?” He shouted, and stood up. 

   “Austin, is there a problem?” His mother inquired. 

    “There shouldn’t be,” he muttered, and ran off to his room to get him keys, before heading out to the location. 
**
  Stanley put his phone away as he was enjoying his video game, he ignored all his messages until he aced the game and took his phone. 

  He saw several messages, but the one from the after school club caught his attention. He wondered what they were discussing there when their friendship group chat has been quiet. 

 He checked the message, and his eyes widened after reading the contempt. 

  He took the keys to his motorcycle ready to leave, but before he did, he searched for the emergency contact of that shopping mall, ti inform them about the intending suicide, and also requested for crisis response foam, incase things goes wrong. 
**
**
 THE SHOPPING MALL^^^
^
  Micheal arrived first, and headed to the elevator, when Austin arrived, the elevator was busy so he took the stairs, Stanley arrived later and ensured the foam was properly secured for however he landed before intending to go to him, but to his surprise, he landed on the foam. 
**
  Micheal ensured that the news will dle down there, and compensate the few people that make videos to delete it before they left the shopping mall in his car. 

  The ride was in silence, and he called his secretary to reserve the closest restaurant for them. After driving for few minutes, they arrived at an empty restaurant. 

    “I was really holding it all in, until now. What’s that for, Steven? Do you think you are in some dramas? Committing suicide at this age and time, are you even thinking?” Austin snapped. 

   “Don’t be too harsh, Austin, you don’t even know what he is going through,” Paulina defended. 

   “F¥ck whatever he is going through. Is he the only one going through a tough time. I’m struggling to improve my grades, doing what I never could have imagined. Mike also has his own hurdles, and what? Suicide? How can anyone think of ending their lives. You don’t even think of others. Your parents, and we, your friends, how can you be so selfish?” Austin yelled. 

   “That’s enough, man. At least let hear him out first,” Stanley said, and Austin groaned angrily before taking his seat. 

   “Steve, you better have a good explanation for this,” Micheal said, patting Steven’s shoulder. 

   Steven bowed his head in tears, he can’t even think of the best way to start. 

   “You guys are making this hard on him. Yes, everyone has their own  situation, but because you could endure yours doesn’t mean everyone are strong, people aren’t the same, everyone is going through difficult things. Don’t be too harsh on him!” Paulina shouted 

    “Steven, does this have to do with why you have been unreachable?” Stanley asked, and Steven nodded. 

   “Lina, since he already told you everything, then tell us,” Austin said. 

   “Why would I? If you are really his friend, you would make him share his problems with you, because that’s part of what makes  us friends,” Paulina said,  and they all exhaled heavily. 

    “Are you having some situations at home? Did your family went bankrupt?” Micheal asked, and Steven shook his head.  

    “Goodness. Do we have to puzzle our way to get the answers?” Austin lashed. “I got better things to do, man,” he added. 

   “Steven, we are the one who asked you not to talk, and I really regret that now. I never knew you were that obedient and would stay quiet until now. Talk to us, man, tell us what the problem is and let’s work it out together. Do you know how devastating it would’ve been for us to hear the news of your suicide? It would make us feel like we wronged you in some ways, and we will blame ourselves for it. We are friends, but you were so distant,” Micheal said. 

   “I’m sorry for making you worried,” Steven muttered. 

   “If you are sorry, then split it! What’s bothering you?” Austin nagged. 

     “Austin, that’s enough!” Stanley snapped. “Steven, if you are gonna be like this and not talk, we can’t force you, we don’t know anything about you and that’s our fault, but since it’s became this way, I’m gonna report this to the police, so your parents can come fetch you,” he said, and they all looked at him. 

   “No, don’t!” Steven, and Paulina shouted. 

   “What’s really going on, Lina?” Michael asked. 

    “You can’t report to the police, they are gonna find him if you do,” Paulina remarked. 

   “Did he ran away from home?” Austin inquired. 

    “Are you on the run?” Stanley asked. 

   “You all will be in danger if you get involved with me,” Steven muttered. 

    “What’s going on, man? I’m getting goosebumps,” Austin whined. 

    “My father is on the look out for me, and he can get rid of any obstacles as long as he finds me,” he muttered. 

     “I don’t follow. Is your father some assassin, or a mafia?” Stanley asked. 

    “What nonsense are you saying, Stan?” Austin blurted. 

    “He is a mafia boss,” Steven muttered, and their eyes widened. 

   “What?!” The boy chorused. 

    “Why are you on the run? He is your father, either is a mafia or whatever, he can’t harm you. Wait, what am I even saying? Why are you trying to commit suicide? Come on, man, don’t keep us in the dark!” Austin nagged. 

     “Relax, I’m gonna tell you everything, as long as you don’t involve the police,” he muttered, and they exhaled heavily. 

    They all listened attentively as he narrate his story to them, leaving them stunned. 

     “What? You are going through all these and you kept it on in without saying anything? How could you? How could you manage to endure that alone? How could you be that strong?” Austin yelled, hitting him. 

    “That’s enough!” Stanley shouted, and dragged Steven by his collar. “This… this must’ve been really hard on you,” he muttered, and embraced him. 

   Micheal ran his fingers through his hair, and shook his head before heading out. Paulina looked at him, wondering why he was leaving but going after him. 

    “Mike, where are you going?” She asked when they got outside. 

    “It’s all my fault, Lina, Steve is that way because of me, he almost committed suicide because of me,” he rants, and she looked at him confused. 

    “What do you mean it’s your fault?”

    “If I haven’t forced to be our friend… no, if I haven’t ask him to keep quiet, he would have shared everything with us, we would have find a solution together. But no, I kept him by my side as a stand in to complete the MASS, oblivious to all his suffering, to the extent that he almost took his own life,” he said, and she embraced him. 

    “It’s not your fault, Mike. Yes, you made mistakes, and you should make up for it, that’s why it’s called mistake. Steve needs you all now than ever, he needs his friends to support him, not to blame yourselves,” she said, patting his back gently. 
*
  They returned back inside, and called the attention of the waiter to place their orders. 

    “First, I don’t know how best to help you, Steve, but I’m sure that we would all be able to work this out together,” Micheal stated. 

    “Man, you don’t have to keep your emotions to yourself anymore. Let’s be real friends this time. We have all known each other for years, we have been friends with you since we are in middle school even though you never considered us as friends. And mind you, you aren’t the only one with hurdles, so never outcast yourself. It might seems like I have a perfect family, but I suffered discrimination my whole life from my smart parents, and sister. At times I wish I could run away, I felt indifferent in that family, I felt like nothing whenever I am with them. I even ran away from home once when I was younger, and Mike…” he said, and they all looked at Michael. 

   “I’m an illegitimate,” Micheal muttered, and they all gasped. 

   “You…” Steven shuddered. 

    “You must’ve thought I was perfect, but I’m an illegitimate. If I get bursted, I’ll face a lot of criticism, and I can never think of becoming the chairman of Russ group. That’s how messed up I am,” he said, and Steven mouth was hanged opened agape. 

    “Mike…” Paulina muttered, and held his hand. 

   “We all have a situation, Steve, but at least we could say our genius is excluded,” Micheal said, and Stanley chuckled. 

   “Yeah! What’s that look? I would have to do a lot of good deeds to have your life in my next life. Not only are you a genius, but you have loving parents as well!” Austin snapped. 

    “We could say so,” Stanley muttered. 

   “There you go,” Austin sneered, hitting him playfully. 

    “Guys, we have to think of a way to help Steven. I’m sure his father can’t harm us, I mean… even gangsters know better than getting involved with us. We aren’t some common noodle’s restaurant owner,” Stanley stated. 

   “Yeah… Stan is right, our genius Al ways have a solution,” Austin said, and they all chuckled. 

   “With that being said, just until we find a solution, you can stay with us to ensure your safety,” Micheal said, and they all nodded along. 

   “My house is wide open, bro, and my bed is big too,” Austin said, and they smiled. 

   “Thank you so much for this,” Steven muttered. 

    “Gosh, you have such nice voice, you shouod talk often,” Austin said, and they all laughed. 

     “Austin, I hope your parents would accommodate him till we find a solution,” Michael said. 

    “Come on, man, his parents only bite him. I sleep over at his okave often,” Stanley said. 
   
     “They like you because you are a genius. But don’t worry, my parents don’t bite others,” he said, and they nodded. 

     They all talked about random stuffs as they eat, and Austin point out a day that they got into a fight at a party. 

    “I was also frightened that Steve could bring down all of those guys on his own. Since that day, I reserved huge respect for him, and I was equally scared,” Austin said. 

    “Same here,” Michael added. 

   “What party was that?”Stanley asked. 

  “Julian birthday party in Europe,” Austin replied. 

    “Who is Julian?” Stanley asked, and the boys all looked at him in shock. 

    “Man, eat up. She is no one, she is just a little kid that I fancy so much,” Austin said, forcing a piece of meat in his mouth. 

    “If she was just a kid that you fancy, then why did we attend her party?” He asked in confusion. 

     “Is he really the genius we know?” Michael asked, and Austin shook his head. 

    “Julian must have left a deep scar in him. Their relationship didn’t even last a month,” Austin grumbled, and Micheal nodded in agreement. 

    “Is he normally like that?” Paulina asked, and Steven shook his head. 

    “From now on Steve, you aren’t allowed to give any head signals. Since you were so obedient all these years, you should be now as well and always talk. Goodness man, you have such nice voice,” Austin rants, and they all laughed.
**
**
  CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S OFFICE^^^
^
 Paul couldn’t stop thinking about the picture that was anonymously sent to him, even after he listened to Grace’s conference where she and her denied all allegations. 
    “If she met with him again after he was released from prison, it could only mean that he was blackmailing her without something, considering how scared she was,” he thought. 

  The thoughts of that made him ask his secretary to run a background check on him, and his secretary report back to him with everything he got on t  man.

   “Leo Thompson,” Paul muttered the man name, before looking at his secretary. “What relationship do you think he shared with Grace in the past?”

    “Sir, there is really nothing that could link him and madam Grace together. He lead a carefree life, that is awry to a world that fit madam Grace,”

   “During the period that he claimed to be at prison, what does he do during those time?”

   “He doesn’t have a permanent job, he also works as a chauffeur and an escort, madam Grace might have likely meet him from there,”

    “What does he do now?”

    “It’s not confirmed, but it seems like he works for a mafia boss, shark lord,”

    “Mafia? What business could Grace have such person,” 

   “Sir, and about Mr. Louis,”

   “Oh, yeah. What have he been up to?”

    “Sir, there is possibly that madam Charlotte who s alive,” 

    “What? Charlotte is alive?” He shouted. 

     “A strange woman moved him with him about a month ago, and we were able take a picture of her,” he said, and showed him the pictures. 

   “This is Charlotte, Charlotte is alive!” He said in shock, unable to believe his eyes. 

    “Where is she presently?” He asked. 

    “At Mr. Louis’s house,”

    “What? Charlotte and Louis are living together? What’s their relationship?”
    
    “That’s not confirmed yet. Sir, and we also believe that Mr. Louis was likely the one behind Mr. Flood’s release,”

     “Definitely! Since Charlotte is with him, he must have released her father… but why aren’t they coming to get Paulina?”

     “They are probably waiting for the right time,”

    “No! If Charlotte has been alive all these while, and made us believe that she was de@d, there must be a reason why Louis is quiet about it. I need to meet Charlotte,”

    “Sir, you are going to meet her?”

   “Let’s go,” 
.*
  The ride to Louis’s house was short, and he saw Charlotte in the compound from his car wetting flowers in company of a woman. 

 He asked his secretary to keep a watch on Louis after he discovered that Mr. Flood was out of jail. He couldn’t find any trace on Mr. Flood because the law firm was the one in charge of everything. He assumed that Louis could be the one to do it, and turned out he was right. 
.
    “Sir, aren’t you going in?” His secretary asked. 

   “I should, since we came all the way here,” h muttered. 

  He was about to alight from the car when a car drove in, and Charlotte smiled warmly as she went to welcome Louis. 

   “Are they a couple now?” He thought 
*
  He wanted to get down from the car when someone knocked at the window. He asked his secretary to whine down, and he looked at the guard knocking at the window. 

   “If I were you, I won’t think of it,” the guard said, and Paul became confused. 

   “Who are you?” He inquired. 

   “Jay, leave hun to me “ Louis said approaching them. 

    “Louis,” Paul muttered. 
**
**
   MR. PACKARD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Mr. Packard received report that they lost Leo from his right hand man, and he chuckled. 

   “You lost a man, just a man! Even that mafia lost him too?!” 

   “Sir, he seems to be working with someone. We were able to get traces on him at a hospital, someone seems to be helping him, and shark lord’s men claimed that someone came to his rescue in a car, they were able to get the plate number, but turns out it’s a fake plate number,” 

   “Fake plate number? Who could be behind him?”

   “Shark lord’s men are everywhere searching for him,”

    “Goodness! Just a man?! Who could it be…”

    “Sir, we have another problem “

    “What’s it?”

    “You are being summoned by the prosecutor regarding a tax invasion case,”

    “What nonsense? Which prosecutor dares?!” He shouted. 

    “I!” They heard a said from behind, and they froze, and turned prosecutor. 

    “How dare you barge in here?” Mr. Packard’s right hand man shouted. 

    “Who are you?is your chief aware of this nonsense?”

    “I apologize for barging in, Mr. Packard, Im prosecutor Denis Godfrey, and I felt it would be honorable for me to escort you to the prosecutor’s office, rather than summoning you there like some criminals,” he said, winking at him. 

   “How dare you? You have no reason to barge in here, my lawyer will attend to this!” He lashed, and gunshot was heard, startling them all. 

    “Isn’t that gunshot, I should confirm that,” the prosecutor said, and Mr. Packard held him back. 

   “I’m a very busy man, so we should go. You, call my lawyer!” Mr. Packard said, leading the way out and the prosecutor chuckled before he followed. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  This is just the beginning …😉
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FIFTY TWO. 5️⃣2️⃣
.
    ❣️❣️The interrogation ❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 Jessica push aside her books, and exhaled heavily.She has been trying to study all day at home, but her thoughts kept getting in the way. She had to dismiss her private teacher early, and now, she is still unable to concentrate in the library. 

   “Why would he say such and ran away? Pretending like he never said anything unusual?” She thought, and started cursing Stanley quietly, remembering his confession the other day 
*
*
 FLASHBACK to the day she went to the beach with Stanley***
*

    “So, can I court you?” Stanley asked, taking her off guard. 

   “Did I heard that correctly?” She blurted, because she didn’t see that coming. 

    “Thanks for today, I’ll try my luck again with the math club,” with that, he ran off. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
She let out a small laugh, and those around looked at her. She smiled sarcastically and managed to look away. 

    “Why is this bothering you so much, Jess? This isn’t the first time someone wiki confess to you. Get it all together, the mid semester exam is fast approaching,” she thought, and tried to concentrate but she couldn’t. 

    “Why did he ran off like that?” She found herself saying out loud, attracting attention to her. 

  She bowed apologetically, and packed her books before leaving, ready to go confront Stanley. 

  She was on her way to thier suite when she saw them walking down the hallway. She composed herself, before approaching them. 

   “Hi, I’m glad to see that you guys officially resumed back. And you, Steven, welcome back,” she said. 

   “Thank you,” he muttered, and her eyes widened —that’s the first time she heard his voice. 

   “What? So you talk? I mean… you aren’t mute?” She gasped, and they all chuckled. 

    “Am I supposed to answer that?” He asked, and she shook her head. 

    “You shouldn’t talk this much, the whole school will start to gossip,” she said. 

     “About what?” Austin blurted. 

    “His voice. I believe almost 99.9999999% of the students believe he is mute, if he suddenly disappeared and appeared back this way, they would believe he went for a surgery. You should get what I mean,”

   “Are you starting the rumor?” Micheal asked, and she shook her head. 

    “I have better things to do,”

     “Then get to that!” Austin blurted. 

     “Don’t be too aggressive. I’m here to do my thing,” 

    “I don’t follow,” Micheal said. 

    “Stan, can I have a word?” She asked, and they all looked at her. 

    “Me? A word with me?” He shuddered. 

    “Yeah,”

    “But recess is over, I have to be in class,” he said, and they all glanced at him. 

    “We aren’t in a rush,” Austin said, and Micheal chuckled. 

     “Let’s go, guys, Stanley will follow,” Micheal said, and wrapped his arm around Steven’s shoulder, leaving first, while Austin winked at Stanley before he followed. 

  Stanley scratched his hair nervously, and looked away, trying to avoid eye contact with Jessica. 

    “Hey, are you uncomfortable with me?” She blurted. 

    “If I admit to it, would you let me go?” 

    “Goodness. Is this how to court a girl?” She snapped, and his eyes widened agape. 

     “What… what?” He shuddered. 

     “If you have no confidence to look at me in the eyes, then how can you be so bold to say such to me?”

   “I’m sorry,”

   “What? Are you seriously apologizing now?”

    “Honesty, Jess, the truth is… I didn’t know what came over me. I’m not fit enough to dare say such to you. I mean… I… let’s say, I was drunk. Drunk? Drunk on the coffee? No, I actually had alcohol that day, so let’s say it was the alcohol,”

    “Are you always this way? Or I had a wrong impression about you?”
    
    “I know you are gonna reject me so what’s the point? And if you reject me, I wing be able to look you in the eye again, far from dreaming of joining the math club. I wasn’t thinking, I’m sorry,”

    “What made you think I would reject you,”

    “It’s certain! I mean… you always had a crush on Mike, and I’m no match for him. You rejected every single proposal, and rumors had it that you reject Marcus as well. Who am I to dream about it? So, let’s say it’s the alcohol,”

   “You are actually different from them,” she mumbled. 

    “What? What did you say? Did I heard that correctly? Aren’t you going to hit me back to my senses? Were you actually going to accept me?” He gasped. 

   She touched her chest and smiled. “It’s settled! I already cleared my mind, so we good now,” 

   “Wait!” He shouted, and held her back. 

    “What? I said we are good,”

    “Can I actually court you?”

    “We are late for class,” with that she left. 

     “Yes!” He muttered, throwing his hands in the air. 
**
**
  AT A COFFEE SHOP^^^
^
  Louis and Paul went to the closet coffee shop to his house to talk, and Paul slipped from the hot mug of coffee to calm his nerves 

    “You are quite strange, Paul, requesting for hot coffee in a hot afternoon. Weird, if you would ask me,” Louis teased. 

   “How long have Charlotte being with you?”

   “She isn’t your liability, you I don’t think I’ve to answer that,” Louis muttered, and slip from his mug of coffee. 

    “How come she is alive? Paulina even identified her body,”

    “Then let’s say she is dead,” Louis muttered, winking at him. 

    “What are you up to, Louis?”

   “Should’t you be worried? The mother of your child is alive, if she comes forward now, won’t it affect your wife’s election?”

    “What are you getting at, Louis? Is Charlotte in hidden because of Grace?” 

    “If you can’t even understand that simply word, permit me to say that you are indeed dumb. What really happened to you, soul? You weren’t like this. The Paul that was my childhood friend was quick-witted. What has ever happened, Paul?”

      “Louis, why won’t you let me meet Charlotte?”

    “Because I don’t trust you,”

    “What does that mean?”

    “You have changed so much, and I don’t trust you. I promise to protect Charlotte, and I’m goin to do just that,”

    “She isn’t your liability either,”

    “Allow me answer that. But we can both answer for you,”

    “I didn’t say I want rk get back together with Charlotte,”

    “Of course you can’t. If Grace is by your right hand, do you want Charlotte to be by the other side?” 

    “I don’t know what you are getting at, Louis. I just want to have a conversation with Charlotte, and I don’t think I have rk explain that to you!”

   “You have to, because I trust no one,”

    “What’s that supposed to mean?”

    “Someone tried to klll Charlotte,”

    “What?”

   “We don’t know who ig is yet, but I believe we will find out with time “

    “Are you trying to accuse me?”

   “If you are capable of such, you wouldn’t be stuck in that marriage up till now,”

    “Who tried to klll Charlotte?”

    “Would I be having this conversation with you if I have the answer to that?”

    “Who could have…”

    “If you are still struggling to get that straight, then you are in no position to speak with Charlotte. Never come to my house again, if you do, things will get ugly. And while at it, continue to keep Paulina safe, even if you aren’t doing much, just ensure that she is safe in that house while she is there,” with that, Louis left. 

  After Louis left, Paul couldn’t stop thinking about everything he said. 

   “What’s he insinuating?” He thought, and exhaled heavily. 
**
**
  MRS. RUSS’S OFFICE ^^^
^
  Mrs. Russ put away what she was doing after her secretary informed her about Micheal turning in his resignation. 

    “What? You don’t mean it!”

    “I just confirmed it, ma’am, but it doesn’t seem like the chairman is going to process it,”

    “Why would Mike turn in his resignation?” She thought. “Is Laura still at his quarter?” She asked later. 

    “No, ma’am. She left few days ago. Apparently, she turned in her resignation letter and left. She now resides at a motel,”

    “W motel…”.  She muttered. “Mike turned in his resignation letter, and Laura disappeared to a motel…. I want you to cancel all my appointments today, and send the chairman’s schedule to me,” 

    “Yes, ma’am,”

    “What are you really up to, Mike? And you, Ben? Why didn’t you tell me about Mike’s resignation?” She thought. “No, this won’t do,” she muttered, and called her secretary back. 

     “Ma’am, I was just about to carry out your assignment?”

   “No, don’t do that! If Mike turned in his resignation letter, it only means he is ready to give everything up, if will give it up anyways, we can just help him do that and end this for good,”

    “What do you want me to do now, ma’am?”

   “The article that aired few weeks aga dled down so fast, so u what you to find an ambitious reporter, whose story will stay longer,”

    “Ma’am, you want to sell off the Russ to a reporter?”

   “No! I’m going to help Mike give up. Since he is willing to anyways. Ben is the one holding him back. He wants my company for his son, so I should kick out the nuisance. Russ Group is mine!” 

   “Madam, but how about the Stanford’s?”

   “I don’t need the Stanford’s, Mike need them not me! If the truth behind Mike’s identity and a revealed, the Stanford’s will call-off the engagement. Ben will have do resign, and I’ll rebuild Russ group. It was mine from the start, so it’s just right to claim back what’s rightfully mine!” 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Paul was trying to work in his study, but he couldn’t concentrate. The thought that d everything he discussed with Louis has been bothering him, and the most bothersome part was something tried to klll Charlotte. 

    “Who could it be? There is no way it was Grace, she could be anything, but not a murder, who could it be?” He thought, and left his study. 

  He went to the bedroom, and met Grace still up staring at her phone like she was expecting a call. 

   “Have you been in your study all day? The maids said you came home early,” she muttered, in a sober voice. 

    “Are you ok?” He asked, and she shook her head. 

    “Dad was summoned to the prosecutor’s office today,”

    “What? For what ?”

    “Mr. Ken said something about tax, u don’t fully understand. Dad refuse to allow me visit him,”

    “Is he still there? They haven’t let him go?”

   “I don’t even understand. I’m still expecting Mr. Ken’s call,” she cried, and he exhaled heavily. 

   “There is no way she could plan a murder,” he muttered. 

    “Paul, what should we do?”

    “If it’s just tax, he should have been released after questioning. They can’t detail him for this long,” 

    “But they did! I don’t even know what to do anymore, Paul. The election is behind the corners, and different obstacles kept getting on the way. What do I do, Paul? What if someone is aiming all this at us because of my election? Could it be from my opponent? No, I doubt, he isn’t that smart. What do I do, Paul?” 

   “Someone is aiming at you? If it can’t be the opponent… then… could it be Louis?” He thought. “Is Louis attacking Grace with thoughts that she plotted Charlotte’s alleged murder?” He muttered, and Grace looked at him. 

    “Did you say something?” She asked. 

  “I’m going to call mh lawyer to confirm what’s going on, so keep your mind at ease. I’m sure he will be fine,” 

    “Thank you, Paul. I really don’t know what I can do for dad, when he has done everything for me,” she muttered, and Paul looked at her. 

    “What do you mean by he did everything for you?” He asked, and she looked at him. 

    “Hun…”

    “You just said he did everything for you, what’s that supposed to mean?” 

   She looked at him speechlessly, and her phone rang saving her from his sudden question. 

    “I need to take this,” she muttered, and excused herself to receive the call. 
*
   📞*Hello,”
   📲*Ma’am, the man tailing the chairman confirmed a suspicious movement today,*
   📞*Who cares about that right now?” 
    📲*Ma’am, this seems urgent. The chairman could likely have a mistress “ 
   📞*That’s also what you said the last time, and she turned out to be nobody!”
  📲*Ma’am, it’s confirmed this time. Her husband even confronted the chairman,*
   📞*What? She is a married woman?*
   📲*She is likely,*
    📞*Likely? Hey! You are at this again, I don’t really have time for this nonsense right now. You have been tailing him for years, and all you ever gave me was false information!*
    📲*Ma’am, we took pictures, I’ll send them to you after this call,*
     📞*You better be right this time and not waste my time!* with that she dropped the call. 

    “Dad is still stuck at the prosecutor’s office, that’s worrisome enough, who cares if Paul is cheating?” She grumbled, and she thought against it. “What if he is actually cheating?” She thought. “Gosh… this is too much. This better not be Paul,” she exclaimed. 

  The pictures was sent to her, and her eyes widened to se Louis in the picture. 

   “What? Louis! Why did Paul met Louis?” She thought, and checked the other pictures. 

  The woman face from the picture wasn’t clear due to the distance, but seeing Louis with Paul, and the familiar blurry face gave her all the clues needed. 

    “She is Charlotte, Charlotte was alive after all,” she muttered, and her hands started trembling. Her onine fell off her hand, and someone picked it up for her. 

  She looked up in fear to see Paul, giving her a confused look. 

    “You met Charlotte?” She muttered, and his eyes widened in shock. 
**
**
  IN THE PROSECUTOR’S OFFICE^^^
^
  Mr. Packard chuckled looking at the prosecutor that didn’t seem to be giving up. 

   “Why won’t you admit to all your crimes?!” The prosecutor shouted. 

   “You summoned me here for tax evasion, and now you are questioning me for a bunch of crimes. You said you have a witness, you said I have been caught. So issue a warrant for me, and tag me a criminal, Mr. Prosecutor,”

   “Why did you send your lawyer away?” 

   “Because I realized there is no use for him to be here. If you truly have evidence as you claim, then issue a warrant for my arrest! Mr. Prosecutor!” 

    “Aren’t you even scared for your daughter’s election? If you are helplessly here, refusing to talk. Your daughter will crumble with you,”

    “That’s a threat, and I can sue you for it,” 

  The prosecutor exhaled heavily, and turned off the cameras.

   “It’s just me and you now Mr. Packard,”

    “What do you want from me?”

    “Your confession,”

    “Are you that eager to lock me up?”

   “Just like you, I have daughters to protect,” 

   “What are you taking about?” 

   “We both know you are trying to klll my nephew so he won’t expose your granddaughter’s true identity,”

    “What? What are you exactly?!”

   “I don’t care about my nephew, I cut ties with him long ago, so you can do whatever you want with him. But if you are locked up here, who is going to save your daughter, and granddaughter?” He asked, and showed Mr. Packard an article, with headline

  *THE TRUTH BEHIND GRACE STANDARD’S RELATION WITH THE INFAMOUS EX-CONFLICT* the headline reads, followed by recent pictures of Grace meeting with Leo. 

   “Who are you?!” Mr. Packard yelled , grabbing the prosecutor’s shirt. 

   “Who I am doesn’t matter, I already issued a search warrant for your house, and once it’s approved, everything will be over either you confess or not,” the prosecutor muttered, and turned the camera back on, leaving Mr. Packard dumbfounded. 
.
  TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Phew 😅
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FIFTY THREE. 5️⃣3️⃣
.
        ❣️❣️The abduction❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^ 
  Grace blinked her lashes rapidly, and controlled herself from asking Paul about Charlotte. She realized it would do her no good. 

   “Thank you,” she muttered, and collected her phone from him. 

    “Is uncle alright? Have he been released?”

   “Hun? Uncle? Oh… come on, Paul, we have been married for years, and you still refer my dad that way?”

   “I’m just used to it. Was the call about him?”

    “Hun? The call? Oh… that… it was… ermmm… I mean it was my campaign manager. They called to tell me something concerning the election, I don’t think you would be interested,”

    “Ok. I’ll make sure to send a lawyer over to… your father, so keep your mind at ease,” he said, and patted her shoulder. 

   “Thank you, Paul,” she muttered, and embraced him but he pulled away. 

    “I’ll head in first,” he said, and she held his hand. 

    “Paul, can you make a promise to me?” She asked, and he looked at her. 

    “That’s so out of the blue,”

   “Paul… after dad… and everything, I just realized that dad has been the only one I have on mh side all along, we might be married, but you were more distant than when we were friends, and it hurt,”

   “Then you should have allowed us continue as just friends,“
    
    “Can’t you be my side again?”

   “Is that the promise?”

   “No, I want you to promise me that you will always take my side no matter what happened,” 

    “The situation will determine. I never kept my promises. I made several promises to Charlotte, but I ended up marrying you based on the situation,”

    “Charlotte? Charlotte again? Do you regret marrying me that much? Must you always mention her name?”
    
    “I suppose that’s not a question,”

   “Then you must be happy with everything going on. If dad goes to prison and my election fall through, do you plan to divorce me and go to her?!”

    “What are you talking about?” He asked, wondering how she knew that Charlotte is alive. 

    She blinked her lashes rapidly as she realized what she was saying. “Errmm… I mean… that was supposed to be your plan, but good thing she is d€as! Charlotte is gone, Paul, even if her ghost returns, she is already d€ad to me, so you should accept it that way as well. We are together now, Paul, we are married and we have a daughter. Let’s just be happy together. I even brought Charlotte’s daughter over, hoping you did see me in a different light , but turns out I was wrong. Paul, let’s just be together for real this time,” she said, holding his hands, but he freed himself from her. 
   
    “Good thing Charlotte is d€ad? What exactly do you mean by that?”

    “Hun? What are you talking about?” 

    “You just said good thing she is gone, if she isn’t, would you have tried to klll her?”

    “What? How could you say such? Why would I klll her? Do I look like a murder to you?”

    “You couldn’t right? Because you aren’t a murder. The Grace I was friends with decades has a heart, even though she never considered Charlotte as a friend, she wouldn’t klll her, right?”
     
    “Paul, what are you talking about? Are you trying to accuse me of something?“

    “I’m just trying to convince myself. We are all humans after all, and kllling a fellow human… our m0nsters does that. I didn’t marry a m0nster, right?” 

    “Paul, what nonsense are you spouting? I have a lot going on as it is, but all you could do is add insult to my injury!” She yelled, before leaving. 

    “There is no way Grace could try to klll Charlotte, she could be everything, but a murder. Louis must be mistaken, if someone tried to klll her, it must be someone else. But who?” He thought. 
**
 Paul went out to the garden to clear his head, and he met Paulina there staring at the moon. He smiled watching her from a distant as it instantly reminded him of Charlotte. 

   “Something must be bothering you,” he said, making his presence known, and she spun around to look at him. 

   “Dad…”

  “Do you wanna have a drink with me?” He asked, and she shook her head. 

   “I don’t take alcohol,”

   “You must also be lightweight like your mother. We can do soda,” he said, and he smiled. 
*
  They both went to the bar, and he opened the only can of soda for her. 

   “I believe this is the last can, I’ll ask the maids to stock up more soda,”

   “You really don’t have to. It seems like everyone drink alcohol,” 
 
   “I take soda at times when I want to work, and don’t feel like taking coffee,”

    “Oh…”

   “How has school been?”

   “Just there. With the mid semester exam coming up, school is really nothing fun to talk about,”

    “Oh… I see… thankfully I passed that stage,” he teased, and she laughed. 

    “I wasn’t really good at studying, and thankfully my parents were not aster my grades, but I still managed to do well. I’m sure you will do well too, but you don’t have to push too hard, grades is really not important in this era,”

    “I guess… I could say it’s like I’m in an entire different planet. In the world I was used to, grades was everything for a student to show, and parents are always proud of their children for having good grades,”

    “Well… I don’t know what to say about that, I was born this way. And… I’m sorry, Paulina, you had to experience an entire different world. You must have struggled a lot. I should have find you and your mother sooner,” 

     “No! I’m glad you didn’t. I get to spend a lot of time with mum, and… dad, how is the search for my grandfather, you didn’t get back to me and I couldn’t bring myself to ask you because I know you must be busy,”

    “Oh… your grandfather… I already hired a private investigator to search for him, I’m sure they will “

    “Really?” 

   “Yes,”

   “Thank you so much, dad,” she said, and happily embraced him. 

    “Are you that excited?” He asked, and she nodded. 

  “Had I know it would make you this excited,  I would have done this sooner,”

   “No, it’s fine this way. I hope we find him soon,”

    “I hope so too,”

    “Wait. How will you find him? Do you have a picture of him? Let me see!”

     “Oh… I think I look up a picture, and asked the PI to create an older version, but don’t worry, it’s authentic. I should have one here,” he said, scrolling through his phone. 

   Paulina looked at him wondering how he got involved with her mother, and also Ava’s mother almost at a time. 

    “If my mother was his childhood friend, does that mean he abandoned her after her family’s crisis and married Ms. Grace?” She thought, and started thinking of the best way to bring it up. “Dad… I…-“

   “Yes! I found it!” He sneered, and showed her the picture. 

   “You found in!” She exclaimed, and collected the phone from Im. 

  She looked at the picture, and gasped at the sight —the man in the picture is no other than the ragged man aster he cleaned up. 

    “Him! He is my grandfather?” She shouted, and covered her mouth agape, confusing Paul. 

    “Do you know him?” He asked, and she nodded. 

    “He… he is the ragged man that is always at the bus station,” she shuddered. 

    “Ragged man? Mr. Flood? Are you sure you got the right person?” 

    “Yes! He is the one. He is the ragged man, this is him after he cleaned up,”

    “Did you engaged on a conversation with you?”

    “Just once! But we always cross path at the bus station, but that day… he looked so different, and he came to speak to me,”

    “What did he tell you? Can you remember?” He asked, and she tried to remember.  

    “I think he told me about not living in that neighborhood, and he also warned me against  being too nice… so he was my grandfather,” she cried, and Paul cuddled her in his arms, patting her gently. 

   “Don’t worry, we will find her. I’ll make sure we do,” he assured, and started wondering if telling her about her mother would enlighten her mood, but he thought against it. 

   “I have to meet Charlotte first, since she hasn’t shown herself to Paulina yet, then she must have a good reason for it,” he thought. 
**
**
  IN LOUIS’S HOUSE^^^
^
  Louis set the table from breaking, and couldn’t stop sighing, deliberating whether it’s right for him to keep Paul’s visit a secret from Charlotte. 

    “Louis, is there a problem?” Charlotte asked, and he forced a smile. 

     “Yeah, I mean… I’m fine. Why?”

    “You have been sighing?”

     “Was I?”

     “Is there a problem? Did something happen to your patient?”

    “No, no. Thankfully, the troublesome patient has been discharged. He was discharged yesterday,”

    “That’s a relief. I’m glad everything went well,”

    “Charlotte, am I a bad person?”

    “What? Why would you ask such?”

    “Nothing. I was just wondering if I am being… never mind,” he muttered, and winked at her. 

   She managed to smile, and held his hand. “Louis, you are the nicest person I have ever met. Not because you are sheltering from me now, but you’ve always been, even when we were kids, you always put others first,”

    “Was I? I don’t seem to remember,”

    “You are a good person, Louis. Even now, you are preparing breakfast for me even when you hash do be at work,”

   “You are funny Charlotte,”

   “Don’t ever think that way Louis, you are a good person. And even if there is something you are trying to hid from me now, I understand you are doing it for my own good,”

   “What are you talking about?” 

    “Nothing, let’s eat,”

    “Do you know about Paul’s visit?” He asked, and she looked at him. 

    “Hun?”

    “How did you know? And why aren’t you asking me anything?”

   “Because I know you have a reason from hiding  it from me,”

   “How did you know?”

   “I just guessed. I asked after you and Jay describe the person you left with to me,” 

    “So, why aren’t you asking me anything?” 

    “Because I know you have a good reason from hiding it from me. That doesn’t mean you are a bad person,”

   “You could tell it was Paul based on the description only,” he muttered, and she looked at him. 

   “Hun?”

  “Nothing, never mind,”

   “Shouldn’t we eat? It’s getting cold,”

    “Yes, we should. And about what I discussed with Paul…-“

    “Later, after breakfast, if you still have time to spare,” she said, and he nodded. 

  His phone rang later, and he picked it up immediately. 

   📞*Yes?.*
    📞*what’s the patient’s condition?*
    📞*Ok. Keep that up, and continue checking his temperature, I’m on my way,* with that he dropped the call, and looked at Charlotte who smiled. 

    “Gotta run, see you,” with that, he took his jacket and hurried out. 

    “Drive safely!” She shouted after him, and stared picking on her breakfast. 

    “Mr. Louis just left, and you are already missing him?” Ms. Bella teased, joining her. 

     “Ms. Bella…”

     “Of course, if I had a companion like him, I would want to keep him by my side every second,”

    “Ms. Bella, can hit help me clear this? I’ve to be somewhere,” 

     “Sure!”
*
   She went to freshen up with intention of going to her father, she doesn’t know what Louis discussed with Paul, and why he is finding it difficult to share. But she felt it’s needed to inform her father, if Paul is aware of her existence, then it only means the Packard’s already knew by now. 

 She went to Jay, and asked him to take her to her father, but he refused. 

   “I have something important to discuss with him, why are you being difficult?” 

    “Ma’am, the boss already gave strict instructions never to take you to the warehouse again. If you have anything to discuss, juts give him a call instead,”

    “I said it’s important, I can’t discuss it on the phone!”

   “Then you can leave a message for him,” she heard someone say from behind. 

  She felt shivers down her spine as she could already tell who it was, and she turned around to see Grace. 

   “Grace…” she shuddered, and Jay stood in front of her immediately. 

   “Long time no see, my friend. It’s been such a long time indeed, you resurrected from the d£ad twice,” Grace sneered. 
*
    Charlotte and Grace went to the closet coffee shop, and Charlotte couldn’t hid her anxiety. 

    “I don’t really know what to say, Charlotte. Anyways, I’m glad you didn’t show yourself to your daughter, because that’s could have caused a ruckus for my election. I like your decision to stay quiet. Just until my election, Charlotte, just until my election is over,” Grace said, and slipped  from her cup of coffee. 
 
    “Is that all you have to say?” 

    “Why? Is there something more you want to hear? I don’t know what you are plotting with Louis, Charlotte, but I want you to remember that your daughter is under my nose,” with that, she  stood up. 

   “Don’t you dare hurt my daughter!” 

  “You don’t tell me what to do. I make the rules, Charlotte, even back then, and now. I pull the shots. I told you I’d have Paul no matter what, but you acted sneaky, but I still got him. You taught you played smart by having a child, but I have one too, and yours, is under my nose. I’m the queen, Charlotte, I make the rule!” She said, quite intimidating. 

   “If you lay a finger on my daughter…. I’ll come after you, and rip you apart!” 

    “It’s left to you, it depends on how you play. Pay for the coffee, that’s enough to treat me for being kind to your daughter all these while… now it’s left to you if I would keep that up,” with that, she left. 

  Charlotte made a fist staring at her retreating back in fear. 

    “What do I do? I need to speck to dad,” she grumbled, and dialed her father’s number immediately. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Paulina couldn’t concentrate in school, she kept thinking about her grandfather during classes until it was time for recess. 

  She packed her bags immediately, and hurried out of the class heading to the rooftop with no intention of returning to class since she couldn’t concentrate anyways. 

  She sat there staring blankly at the sky and started missing Sophia and Sage. She understood that Save was distant because of the rejection, but Sophia has also been awkwardly distant as well. At first she understood that she was with Sage to comfort him, but she also needs her right now. The thought of all that made her think she was selfish. 

    “Why are you here alone? I thought you ran off to be with your friends,” Micheal said, joining her. 

    “Mike…”

   “You must be missing them, I mean your friends,” he said, and she nodded. “What can I do to enlighten your mood?”

    “Thanks for the concern, Mike,”

    “I just realized that a lot of things have been happening lately, and we don’t even have time for a normal date,”

    “Date?”

    “Yeah, date. We are a couple, but it doesn’t even feel like we are dating at all,”

     “Oh… that?”

    “How about after school? We can go on a date after school. Tell me what you want to do, and I’ll make the reservation,” he said, and she smiled. 

     “Really? Are we going to do anything I love to do?”

    “I am a man of my words “ he said, and winked at her. 

    “You sure are,” she teased, and he chuckled. 
**
  When school dismissed, she gave him the list she drafted. 

    “What? All of these? You want us to do all these?”

    “You are a man of your words,” she said, and he scoffed. 

    “Yeah… I’m a man of my words,” he grumbled, and she laughed hitting him playfully. 
*
  Ava and her friends stood afar glaring at Paulina and Micheal till they were out of sight. 
    
    “Ava, are you going to watch them being all lovey-dovey even when you are engaged to him? If I were you, I would throw a tantrum!” Lia said. 

    “Lia is right, girl. The sight alone is so annoying to watch,” Alicia pouted. 

   “Let them enjoy the moment while it last,” Ava said before walking out, and the girls scoffed before running after her. 
**
 Paulina and Micheal got to the parking lot, and Paulina’s driver walked up to her. 

    “Good afternoon, ma’am,” he greeted, and Micheal looked at Paulina in shock. 

   Paulina looked away, and smiled sarcastically. “What are you doing here?” She asked. 

    “Madam, the chairman asked me to pick you up. It’s quite urgent, he said he has something to discuss with you,”

    “Dad said so?” She asked in excitement. 

    “Dad… Lina, what’s going on?”

   “I’m sorry, Mike, I really have to go. I’ll call you!” With that, she entered the car. 

  The driver bowed slightly to Mike, and entered the car. 

   “What? Did I just got ditched?” He muttered, looking at the piece of paper with him. “And what’s all that about? ‘Ma’am, dad,’ what’s that about?” He thought, staring at the car timi it was out of sight. “I really got ditched,” he grumbled, and throw his fist in the air. 
**
 The driver drove for a while before the driver stopped the car and got down. 

   “What happen?” She asked, but he ignored her. 

  She wanted to get down from the car ti check on him when another person entered the car and drove off. 

   “Hey! Stip the car! Who are you? Where are you taking me?” She shouted, hitting his back. 

  He looks scary on his face mask and sunglasses, scaring her even more 

   “You ask too many questions, and my ears are about to bleed!” He snapped, and spayed something at her. 

  She choked on the liquid he sprayed, and passed out in the process. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 Paulina…😳
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FIFTY FOUR. 5️⃣4️⃣
.
        ❣️❣️The rescue ❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
 Michael sat in his suite staring at the list and his phone, while his friends argue over unnecessary things. 

   “I’m serious, man. I think she likes me,” Stanley said, and Austin scoffed. 

   “Don’t get ahead of yourself, man. Jessica of all girls here at school. Likes you? She declined your request to join the math club a thousand times, and you thinks she likes you?”Austin teased. 

    “I’m serious, man. If she doesn’t, then why would she say that?”

   “Simply because, because…”

    “Because of what?”

    “Because… there is no way she can like you. She must have a reason for leading you on. Probably, to add you to her lists of rejections!” Austin said. 

    “What? What did you just say?” Stanley shouted, and intend to hit him —he ran off, and they both started running around together. 

   Mifheal exhaled heavily still staring at his phone, and Steven was o preoccupied, playing video games. 

  Austin and Stanley stopped running later and dragged Steven to seat next to Micheal. 

   “Man, how come you didn’t say anything?” Austin said. 

    “About what?” Micheal asked. 

   “What? Aren’t you here the whole time? About Stan and Jessica!” Austin snapped. 

    “What happened to Jessica?” He asked, and Austin gasped, while Stanley chuckled. 

    “This man is gone…” Stanley teased. 

     “Hey! Don’t tell me you are this way because Lina ditched you?” Austin blurted. 

     “She said she was going to call, she promised to,” he muttered. 

    “Are you taking that seriously? Girls say that a lot when they want to ditch a guy,” Austin said, and Michael’s eyes widened. 

    “Really?” He gasped. 

    “Come on, man. I think you still need lectures about ladies from me. Not just you, but Stan as well. And you Steve, you should also find a girl. I’ll arrange one for you, don’t worry. How does Rena sounds?” Austin said, and they scoffed. 

    “Hey! Why Rena of all people?” Stanley snapped. 

   “Rena is just the start. He should date her for few weeks for some experience, and he will upgrade gradually. My main target for him is Jenny, but he needs a lot of experience to date her,”  Austin said, and Stanley exhaled heavily. 

   Micheal didn’t stop staring at the paper with him, and the guys shook thier head. 

    “What do we do with him, man? He is really heart broken. Lina really messed him up,” Austin said, and Stanley chuckled. 

    “What’s that with him?” Stanley asked, and grabbed the paper from him. 

    “Hey! Give that back!” Micheal yelled. 

    “Bring it!” Austin said, and grabbed it from Stanley 

    “Is that your to-do list?” Stanley teased. 

   “Hey! Bring it back. I mustn’t loose that!” Michael lashed, going after Austin. 

   “If you really care about that list, buddy, just leave him be. Else, you might really lose it,” Stanley said, and Micheal exhaled heavily because he knows Stanley was right. 

   “Holding hands while walking down the street, boarding the bus together, a visit to the market square, going do the amusement park with people around, riding a bike together, playing games together at an arcade, eat barbecue together at the roadside, singing at a karaoke together, and call it a day at the field, while staring at the lay night sky,” Austin reed the list out loud, and Micheal exhaled heavily. 

    “Can I have it back?” Micheal snapped, and grabbed it from him. 

     “Is that what you plan to do together?” Within teased, and Stanley chuckled. 

    “What? What’s wrong with the list?” Micheal blurted. 

   “No wonder she ditched you. If I saw that creepy  list, I would have ditched you as well,” Austin teased, and Stanley laughed, unable to hid it in. 

    “I think it’s fun,” Micheal grumbled. 

    “You think this is fun? No wonder Ava broke up with you?” Austin blurted, and Stanley hit him playfully. 

    “That’s enough, dude. Mike has been single for too long, let’s blame it all on his singleness,” Stanley said, still laughing, and Micheal pouted his lips innocently. 

    “It sounds like why Lina would like,” Steven said, and they all looked at him. 

    “What? Even you!” Austin and Stanley shouted. 

    “It’s all my fault, I should have organized this dating lecture on time, at least you would’ve been able to avoid this lackey list,”  Austin grumbled. 

    “Get yourself a new girl first,” Stanley teased. 

    “Hey! What’s that about?” He shouted. 

    “You haven’t said anything about that new girl of yours, neither did you introduce her to us. Why? Have you guys breakup?” Stanley teased. 

   “What? Speaking of which…” Austin muttered, and took his phone to see several missed calls from Rae. “Hey! Gotta run!” He shouted, and ran out. 

    “Are you going on a date?!” Stanley shouted after him. “I think he is hiding her from us,” he m grumbled. 

   “But she was the one who came up with the list,” Micheal muttered in a whisper, looking at the list. 

    “Obviously! It’s just like Lina to like weird things like  that,” Steven said, and Micheal looked at him. 

    “But it’s not that weird. I think it would be fun,”  he said, and Steven patted his shoulder. 

    “You suit each other,” Steven said. 

   “What does that mean?” Michael snapped. 

    “Nothing. I should have followed Austin,” Steven said, and Micheal scoffed. 

     “What? What are you guys discussing?” Stanley asked. 

    “Are you starting to whine like Austin?” Steven teased, and Micheal chuckled. 

   “He should hear that,” Stanley said, and they all laughed. “Since Mike got ditched, and Austin went on a date, we should do something as well.  What do you guys think?” He asked. 

    “I’ll head out first,” Steven said, and carried his bag. 

   “What? Is that a no! Mike, what do you think?” 

    “She promised to call… I wonder what happened,” Micheal grumbled. 

    “What’s all this really? Fine! I also have other plans!” Stanley shouted, and left. 
**
**
  MR. ETHAN’S WAREHOUSE^^^
^
Mr. Ethan dropped his call with Charlotte, and Don rushed in to meet him. 

    “Boss, there is a report from Jay,”

   “What’s it?”
   
   “The Packard’s are now aware of Miss Charlotte’s existence, Ms. Grace paid her a visit today, and her just and visited yesterday,”

    “Charlotte called me already. Why didn’t they report sooner yesterday?” 

    “They weren’t aware that the man who visited was related to the Packard’s, until Ms. Grace visit,”

    “And my granddaughter?” 

    “Tony and Carlos are watching her closely,”

     “Send more people to Charlotte and my granddaughter,” he said, and a call came through Don’s phone. 

    “Boss, it’s Leo,”

   “Ok, pickup,” 
.
  📞*Hello,*
   📞*What?*
   📞*I’ll report to boss immediately!* with that he dropped the call. 
.
   Mr. Ethan looked at him, and Don bowed his head slightly.

    “Split it!” Mr. Ethan muttered. 

    “Mr. Packard was released,” 

    “What? Why didn’t the prosecutor report to us?”

    “Boss, there seems to be a problem somewhere,”

    “What’s it?”

   “I think we have to visit that prosecutor,”

   “Do you sense something fishy?”

   “If the prosecutor released Mr. Packard without informing us afterwards, then he must’ve switched sides,”

    “Send someone to confirm his current location,”

    “Yes, boss,” 

   “Mr. Packard, you are more cunning than I anticipated. I let my guards down,” he thought, with clenched fists.
*
 They left the warehouse, and went to the location the prosecutor was, having lunch with his colleagues. 

 They dialed his number, but he rejected thier calls and Mr. Ethan chuckled. 

    “You are right. He switched sides,” Mr. Ethan said. 

   “What do we do now, boss?” Don asked. 

   “What we know how to do best,” Mr. Ethan muttered, and smirked. 
*
  The prosecutor turned off his phone and continued his lunch when the waiter delivered a drink to him. 

    “We didn’t order this,” Mr. Denis (the prosecutor said. 

    “It’s on the house, sir,” 

   “Oh… miss, how about ours?” His colleagues complained, and Mr. Denis chuckled. 

    “Thank you,” he muttered, and slipped from the drink. 

   “I was right! Now it’s confirmed!” One of his colleagues said. 

    “What?” Mr. Denis asked. 

   “I think that waiter is completely into you,” he said, and they all laughed. 

 He saw a note under the juice and the others tried to peep into it. 

   “I said it, she even left a note,” the colleague said, and the others tried to peep into it. 

   *Since you decide to play foul, there is no mercy for you. In the next 30 minutes, the poison will start it effect on you, your body will start itching by now. Come to the back of the restaurant quietly to get the antidote.* it reads and Mr. Denis’s eyes widened in shock. 

   “What’s it?” The colleague asked, and wanted to collect the note from him but he threw it in the drink. 

  His hands trembled in fear, and his body began to itch him. 

   “Mr. Denis, are you ok?”

   “I think I need to use the restroom,” with that he hurried to the back to the restaurant. 

   He got to the back of the restaurant, and Don approached him. 

   “You thug, where is the antidote?” He shouted, grabbing Don’s collar. 

    “This way, boss is waiting,”

   “Do you expect me to follow you? Bring the antidote now or I arrest you?” 

    “Seems like you don’t need it,” Don teased, and intend to leave. 

  Mr. Denis scratched his hair, and dragged Don back. 
*
  Don lead him to a car, and drove off. 

   “Where are you taking me?”

   “To where the antidote is,”

   “How can I trust you?”

   “Because you have no choice. We are running out of time, it only takes 30 minutes for the poison to spread, and we already spent few minutes,”

   “Hurry up! Where exactly is it? Why do you have to keep it that far?” He yelled, and Don smirked. 
*
  He pulled over at an empty restaurant, and they went in to meet Mr. Ethan, who welcomed them with a smirk. 

   “You sneaky thug, give me the antidote,” he shouted, and Don held him still. 

    “You… you betrayed me! Why should I give this to you?” Mr. Ethan sneered, showing him a bottle. 

   “Is that it? Is that the antidote?” Mr. Denis muttered, aiming to grab it but Don didn’t release him. 

   “Mr. Prosecutor, I thought you took a vow? But why did you let a criminal go?” Mr. Ethan teased. 

   “I should have remembered that and locked you up first. You are nothing but a thug, thinking you can destroy someone in power. Those people might be politicians, but they know how to play it more than you, stinky thug!” He blurted, and Don punched him. 

   “Stop! Don’t let him get to you. He have barely 10 minutes left after all. Let him continue spouting nonsense till then,” Mr. Ethan jeered, and Mr. Denis fell to his knees 

   “Please, give me the antidote,” he cried, scratching his body vigorously. 

   “Why should I? And why is a honorable prosecutor kneeing to a common thug that he should have locked up?”

   “Please… I don’t want to dle,”

  “Is that it? Is that why you let the powerful politician go? Because you don’t want to dle? Is that how important your life is? Then I’m honored to have the privilege to watch that life fade away with the antidote with me,”

   “I didn’t intend to betray you, Mr Packard is more dangerous that we thought,”

    “We? I also thought there was ‘we’ I also thought we were on same side, but it didn’t even take you a week for you to drift away to the opposite direction,”

   “There is no way I can get the warrant against Mr. Packard, and I can’t get his confession either. Even the search warrant wasn’t approved!”
    
   “Was that why you let him go and take his side instead?”

   “No, I had other reasons,”
    
    “Too bad… you have just few minutes left,”

   “Please… give me the antidote,”

    “I was enjoying your story,”

    “Mr. Packard threatened me with my daughter!” he lamented.  
*
*
  FLASHBACK***
*
  Mr. Denis stayed all day with Mr. Packard in the interrogation room, but even after all the threats, Mr. Packard still refused to confess. 

   “Who is behind you? Are you trying to get revenge for your brother? What did your brother fed you with?” 

   “Please!” Mr. Denis shouted, and hit the table. “Why are you asking questions? In the one meant to ask you questions. Why aren’t you calling your lawyer? What are you up-to?”

   “Me? You will let me go when you get nothing from me. An innocent man doesn’t need to lift a finger to prove his innocence,” Mr. Packard said, and smirked. 

    “You must think this is funny. But the moment I get the search warrant, you are done for!”

    “That was quite intimidating Mr. Prosecutor, but you are wasting your energy ok and innocent man!” 

    “For God sake!” The prosecutor lashed, and his investigator joined them, whispering words ik his ear. “What?” He shouted, glared at Mr. Packard who chuckled. “It’s not over yet,” he threatened, and left with his investigator. 

   “Why didn’t they issue the search warrant?”

   “I’m also confused, sir, but the chief request your presence in his office,”

    “For God sake. I thought he was on vacation!”

   “He returned few minutes ago, you should see him,”
*
  Mr. Denis went to the chief’s office ready to get quarreled, and the chief threw a baseball at him immediately he stepped inside. 

   “Such Insolence! What do you think you have to arrest Mr. Packard, are you an idiot? Can’t I enjoy my vacation in peace!”

   “Sir, I don’t understand you. I am simply doing my job, I arrested a criminal, and that’s it!”

   “A criminal? Then why am I receiving several missed calls from the higher ups,  if he is just a criminal as you claimed. Release him this instant, I don’t want to hear any objections!”

   “I’m sorry, sir, but I can’t,”

   “You can’t what?!”

   “I hwge evidence against him, and a witness to prove his fraudulent acts. I can’t let all that go,”

   “So, have you gotten a warrant?”

   “I’ll get one soon,”

   “The search warrant was rejected, do you think you will get a warrant for his arrest? I don’t even know how the minister of  justice got my number, but it’s a good thing I got to have his contact now through you. Release him this instant, you can’t get a warrant for him. If the cases assigned to you is not enough to kill your boredom, there  are countless of criminals out there. I heard there is one who has been causing troubles lately. Go catch them, those are the bad guys.” He shouted, and Mr. Denis exhaled heavily. “Gosh… why can’t I have some solemn peace? I haven’t even take a break since I transferred here,” he whined, and look up to see Mr. Denis still in his office. “What are you waiting for?!” He yelled, and Mr. Denis shook his head before leaving. 
*
  He returned to the interrogation room, and Mr. Packard welcomed him with a smirk. 

    “I won’t leave yet, Mr. Prosecutor, I want to know who’s  behind you first,” he said, with a smirk and Mr. Denis hit the table, staring directly at him. 

   “It’s not over yet, old man!”

   “I know. It’s not over until I say it is,” he teased, and the door slugs open.  

  Mr. Denis spun around, and the man who walked in introduced himself as Mr. Packard’s lawyer. 

   “I’m going to release him, so you have no reason to come now. You should have came sooner!“ Mr. Denis muttered within clenched teeth. 

    “He isn’t here for me, he is here to deliver a message from your daughter,”Mr. Packard said. 

   “What daughter?”

   “Do you forgot your two adorable daughters? Sonia and Sunny,” Mr. Packard said, Mr. Denis grabbed his collar. 

   “How do you know my daughters?” 

   “Having adorable daughters shouldn’t be a secret,” Mr. Packard said pointing at the CCTV camera. 
*
  Mr. Denis turned off the camera, and the lawyer picked a video call from a man, and Mr. Denis daughter was behind the man. 

   “Sonia! My daughter!”
    
   “Are you willing to tell me who is behind you now?”

    “Don’t you dare to hurt my daughter!”

    “I will if you refuse to obliged. And you won’t be able to arrest me like now,” Mr. Packard sneered, and the lawyer showed him the phone again.

  In the call, a man stood in a rooftop from afar, aiming a gun at Mr. Denis’s daughter who was in the direction of the gun, chartering away with her friends. 

    “I just need to end this call, and they know what to do!” Mr. Packard said, and intend to end the call but Mr. Denis held his hand. 

   “It’s a man. I have no connection with him, but my nephew brought him to me. He is Mr. Ethan,”

    “Mr. Ethan?”

    “When I searched about him, he is an ex-convict, he seems to have a grudge against you. His full name is Ethan Flood,”

    “Ethan Flood… the Floods’ are back…” Mr. Packard said, laughed awkwardly. 

    “Sir… I shouldn’t have collide with them, I’m sorry. Please don’t hurt my daughter,”

   “It depends on you,”

   “I already tell you everything I know, and I will stop investigating your case, I’ll burn down all the evidence I have against you. I’ll do everything you want me to do… please don’t hurt my daughters,”

    “You will do anything I ask you?”

    “Yes, sir. I’ll do anything,”

    “Then don’t do anything!” Mr. Packard muttered, confusing Mr. Denis. 

    “Sir…”

   “Don’t do anything. Just continue living your life, and continue loving your adorable daughters and I’ll continue my life as well. It’s that simple!”

    “Thank you so much, sir, thank you,”
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
   Mr. Denis concluded, and Mr. Ethan shook his head in disbelief. 

    “I indeed let my guard down,” he muttered, and Mr. Denis crawled to him, holding his legs. 

    “I already tell you everything, please give me the antidote,” he cried. 

    “Too bad we have just a minute left. Let’s hope this will still be effective,”Mr. Ethan muttered, and threw the bottle at him, and it broke in the process. 

   “Nooooo….” Mr. Denis wailed, licking the liquid on the ground. “Do you have another one? Why did you break it down?” He cried. 

    “That’s just water m0ron, there is no antidote,” Don teased. 

   “What? You f0oled me! Please, hand it over,”he pleaded, and Mr. Ethan tick his teeth, shaking his head in disbelief. 

   “I wonder how you became a prosecutor. There is no antidote means there was never a poison. If your body itch, you should see a physician and treat infection,” Mr. Ethan teased before leaving, and Don followed. 

   “No, no, nooooo… the antidote!” Mr. Denis wailed, scratching his body vigorously 
*
  Mr. Ethan and Don returned to the car and Mr. Ethan hit the car vigorously. 

   “Boss, we already loose Mr. Packard, what do we do now?” 

    “I let my guard down, and now I’ve been bursted!”

   “I’ll take your orders, boss,”

   “We can’t do anything until he acts first. Those Packard’s are more fearsome than I thought. Are you sure my daughter and granddaughter are ok?”

   “Yes, boss. None of our men reported anything, but I’ll call again to confirm,” 

   “My granddaughter will be their easiest target, so you should protect her yourself, and ensure she is safe. That’s your next assignment. If the Packard’s lay a finger on my granddaughter, you will pay for it with your life,” 

     “Yes, boss!”

    “Get going,”

    “What should we do about the prosecutor?” 

    “Leave him be. He will be fine once he visits the hospital, and get over his delusional self,” he said, and Don laughed. 

    “Well… I think his body really itches,” Don said, and they both laughed. 
**
**
  SOMEWHERE IN AN UNKNOWN PLACE^^^
^
  Paulina struggled on  the chair she was tied to, her hands and legs were tied up and her mouth was covered. She groaned in tears, watching the two men who didn't seem to be bothered.

Who could have put them up to this? She thought because they seem to be waiting for an order.

They heard roar coming from outside, and the leader ask the other to go out to check. Few minutes later, the other smirked at her and left as well.

She'd struggled on the chair but it was impossible for her to loose the rope. She groaned, struggling in pain praying to loose it and run out before they return when someone barged in.

She looked up in fear, and her eyes brightened to see Michael.

Lina! He shouted, and ran to her.

He removed the tape in her mouth, and embraced her.

Mike....how did you? 

Don't ask questions, I'm glad you are safe. We need to get out of here. He said and started to untie the rope.

Stanley and Steven joined later, and she opened her mouth agape.

Lina, are you ok? Stanley asked worriedly and she nodded.

Did you all fight those men on your own? She asked and they all looked at Steven.

They were not that many, they were four of them. Austin already called the police, Michael said.

Do you know who they are? Stanley asked and she shook her head.

They seem to be receiving orders from someone. I don't know whos sent them, she cried.

They're my father's men, Lina got hurt because of me, Steven muttered and they all looked at him in shock.

TBC
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FIFTY FIVE. 5️⃣5️⃣
.
        ❣️❣️The rescue II❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION^^^
^
  Micheal tossed and turned on his bed staring at his phone expecting Paulina’s call. He called her severally but she screened his calls, neither did she read nor reply his messages. 

   “Something must be off, Lina can’t screen my call like this,” he thought, and called on the MASS group chat. 

📳Austin: *Bro, wassup. Steve, Mike is on the call.*
📳Stanley: *Don’t start! You aren’t calling to whine about Lina, are you?*
📳 Micheal (gasped): Can you hack into my mind? You are indeed a genius.*
📳Austin: *Geez… man, is that what this is about?*
📳*Stanley: Grooseeee... Let’s not do this now. Not tonight, not ever!* (he left)
📳Micheal: *Wait. I really think something is off. Paulina has never screened my calls like this before.*
📳Austin: “Then ask her tomorrow.*
📳Steven: *Austin, what’s going on? Stan left? Mike, are you ok?*
📳Austin: *I’m leaving too, and you should do the same* (he left)
📳Micheal:*Wait… Austin…*
📳Steven: *Good night. bro* (he left)
  

  “Not you too,” Michael grumbled, and dropped the call. 

  He sent another message to Paulina, and called her again, but this time her number was out of reach. 

   “What? Now it’s turned off!” He shouted. “This might really be serious,” he thought, and remembered seeing the driver smirked before leaving. “What was that about? Why would he smirk?” He thought, turning on his bed. “I should message Stanley privately,” he concluded, and slide into Stanley’s DM. 

  He sent a message to Stanley, who replied almost immediately. 
.
   💬Him: *bro, I really think something is off. Help me please😞
  💬Stanley: *Grosssss… that emoji freaks me out! 😖. 
  💬Him: *Bro, her number is suddenly out of reach. I’ve a feeling that something is off. The driver smirked before leaving, he might be plotting something.*
💬Stanley: *So, what do you want me to do?*
💬Him: *Can you help me confirm the car?*
💬Stanley:*Seriously, bro! How can I find the car?*
💬Him: *Do it your way. Do it for me, bro*
💬Stanley:*Do you really have a bad feeling about it?*
💬Him: *I’m so worried,*
💬Stanley:*Send me the time the car picked her up, so I can confirm the car.*
*
  He sent the necessary informations to Stanley, and they confirmed that the car belongs to First Group. 

  He sent the car plate number to his secretary, demanding its current location, hoping his secretary gets it somehow from the police traffic unit. 

 After waiting for few hours, the location was sent to him. And it was nowhere related to First Group’s residence, the car was found along a remote area. 

   “I knew it! Something was off,” he muttered, and sent the informations gotten to their group chat. 
.
💬 Austin: .*Does this mean Lina might be in danger?*
💬Stanley: *we shouod inform the police. We don’t even know any relative of hers that we can contact.*
💬Micheal:*we can’t. Nothing is certain here.*
💬Austin: *even still… Lina might be in danger, we can’t just do nothing.*
💬Steven: *Mike is right, nothing is certain yet. We can’t inform the police based on the informations we have.*
💬Stanley:*then what do we do? We can’t just do nothing.*
💬Steven:*let’s go confirm it first.*
💬Stanley:*what? H£ll NO! This is dangerous. We can’t even do that now, it’s late.*
💬Micheal: *I agree with Steven, we should go confirm ourselves.*
💬Austin:*count me out of this.*
*
  The MASS met at a bus station closest to Michael’s house, and they left in his car. 

   “This is really dangerous. What if she is truly in danger?” Austin whined. 

   “I already packed some necessities,” Micheal said. 

   “Even still…” Austin grumbled. 

   “I told you to back out if you are scared,” Micheal remarked. 

   “I agree with Austin, it’s dangerous but it would be more dangerous for Lina if she is truly in danger, so we can’t just sit back,” Stanley said. 

   “What if we are wrong? We would go to an unknown place. I really abhor playing Superman!” Austin blurted.

    “Stop whining, bro. You need strength to be able to save Lina if she is really in danger,” Steven said, and Austin glared at him. 

   “Hey! Do you take me for a weakling? I hold  green belt in teakwando,” Austin bragged.  

   “Wow! You seem to take your lesson a little seriously. I merely hold yellow belt,” Stanley said. 

   “Our genius don’t have to use his fist. I’ll always protect you,” Austin said, and they all laughed. 

    “With your green belt?” Micheal teased. 

   “Do you surpass me?” Austin asked. 

   “Green belt is nothing for a teenager to flaunt. You are merely a child,” Michael teased. 

   “I stopped my lesson long ago, I couldn’t keep up with my training and so many things. Teakwando just had to understand. But I’m still  better than Stanley,” 

   “I hold brown belt in karate.  Teakwando is not just my thing,” Stanley muttered. 

   “What?!” Micheal and Austin shouted. 

   “Mike, what level are you?” Austin asked. 

   “I’m not into karate, but I hold red belt in teakwando.  I stopped training years ago,“ Micheal said. 

    “Oh… what about you, Steve? You can’t be any better,” Austin said. 

   “I practiced several marital art,I hold black belt in teakwando, judo, karate-..”

   “Wooohhhhh…” they hailed, before he could conclude. 
*
  They drive for more than an hour, and arrived at the location of the car. 

   “We are in the middle of nowhere,” Austin stated. 

   “What do we do now, man?” Stanley asked. 

   “We should involve the police,” Austin whined. 

   Steven scanned the environment , and picked up something on the ground —a shark pendant and his eyes widened. 

   “What’s that?” Micheal asked, collecting it from him. 

   “They are lord shark’s men. That pendant is specially designed for them,” he thought. “Why did they abduct Lina? Could it be because of me? If they parked their car here, where could they have taken her?” He thought. 

   “I’m getting chills, man. This might be dangerous. Let’s call the police,” Austin whined. 

   “Steve, is there something about this lackey pendant?” Stanley asked. 

   “We will find out. Get in the car,” Steven said. 

    “Oh, Kay,” they all chorused —they have never seen him that serious before. 

  He drove off in full speed, and they all gazed at themselves in fear. 

    “Bro, are we safe?” Austin whined. 

    “Be quiet,” Stanley muttered. 

  Micheal who sat at the passenger seat steal glances at Steven who is focused on driving with a serious expression. 

   “Where could they have taken her? If they were really lord shark’s men, then the warehouse is the closest place for them to take her from here,” he thought, and make an illegal u-turn. 

   “Oh…”. They all screamed in fear. 

   “I’m sorry, I’ll be more faster now!” Steven said. 

   “What? Aren’t you fast enough?” Austin whined. 

   “Steve, please stop the car. Let’s catch our breath,” Stanley pleaded. 

   “If we really want to save  Lina, then put  yourselves together!” He yelled, and  they all panicked in fear as drove off in a more faster speed. 

   “Haaayyyyyy…” they all screamed. 

  “Please, please, Lina be safe till we get you,” he whispered, in fear. 
*
  They arrived at the warehouse he suspected, and stopped the car. 

   “Where is this place?” Austin asked. 

  “Where Lina could likely be,” Steven muttered. 
   
    “How can you tell?” Stanley asked. 

   “Let’s find out,” Micheal said,  and took his telescope to confirm, and they saw two men guarding the outside. “Two thugs are there, that’s all I saw,” he said, and Steven collected it from him. 

    “If there are two men outside, then there will be less than three inside depending on the circumstances. If they really abducted Lina to get me, they won’t send too much men,” he thought. “It’s confirmed! Lina is here!” He shouted, and they all looked at him. 

   Austin and Stanley collected it to look, and give it back to Steven who confirmed the premises. 

    “Steven, how can you be sure? What if we just intrude the wrong premises?” Austin asked. 

   “No, she can only be here.  She is here! There are only two men outside, so there will bs less than three men inside. I can take them all, you just have to bring Lina out safely,” he said, and they all looked at him. 

    “Steven, what if you are mistaken?” Micheal asked. 

    “I’m not mistaken. Lina could only be here. I’ll take the men down, and you go in to bring Lina out safely,” 

    “What if they are more than you think?” Micheal  asked. 

   “We are going to do it on our own? We won’t involve the police?” Austin asked in fear. 

   “Steve, how do you know she was here?” Stanley asked. 

   “I’ll tell you guys later. We should focus on Lina first!” He muttered. 

   “Yes. Let’s bring Lina out safely. But how do we go about it, we need a plan,” Micheal said. 

   “I’ve a bad feeling about this,” Austin whined. 

    “She might not even be in here,” Stanley said. 

   “She is,” Steven assured. 

   “What’s the plan?” Micheal asked, already impatient. 

   “I can bring down all the men, no matter how many they are. So you can just follow me, while I fight them, you go to Lina,” Steven said. 

   “Such confidence,” Stanley muttered. 

  “What if they have guns?” Austin whined. 

  “They don’t. There is nothing of such with them, and they don’t carry guns around on minor tasks,” Steven muttered. 

   “Seems like you know them well,” Stanley said. 

    “Austin, you call the police. Stanley and I will follow Steven,” Micheal said, and Austin nodded. 

   “It’s better that way, I should call the police. But what if someone attacks me from here?” Austin shivered. 

   “Then use the pepper spray on them!” Micheal lashed, and they all get down from the car. 

  Austin ensured the door was properly closed, and hold the spray before calling the police. 
*
They engaged in a fight with the two men in the front, and one from inside joined them before the other came out as well. 

  “Seems like they are just four,” Steven thought. “Go to Lina, Mike, I’ll take care of them!” He  shouted, and cleared the way for Micheal. 
**
 The police scanned the environment, and an ambulance arrived to take Paulina and the boys to the hospital to treat thier minor injuries. They made sure to keep everything away from the media, and the police carried on their investigation. 

   Paulina fell asleep in the emergency ward, and they transferred her to the VIP ward to rest. 

  Micheal sat next to her watching her sleep, the thoughts of how frightened she must have been made him blame himself for not showing up sooner. 

   “Mike, you should also rest. Austin barely lifted a hand, but he is also admitted in a ward,” Stanley  said, and Micheal chuckled. 

   “We were all shaken by everything. It’s  understandable. Where is Steve?”

  “I haven’t seen him since we left our statement,”

   “There is something fishy about that dude, he said Lina was abducted because of him, he claimed to know the culprits, but he didn’t leave such statement to the police. He didn’t even tell the police how we located the place,”

   “At least I covered that up,”

   “It’s a good thing you lied to them about tracking her phone. The phone was even off, so there was no way it could be traced,” 

   “The police bought the lie, and that’s what matters. They didn’t know when the phone was turned off “ 

    “What could Steven be up to?” 

   “I’m also curious about that,” 

   “I believe he have his reasons, thanks to him we were able to find Lina on time. Look for him, we’ve to ensure that he is fine,” 

   “Sure!”

  “I wish I could come with you, but I want to stay next to her till she wakes up,”

   “I understand buddy, but you should also watch over your health,”

    “What about you? Don’t you have to get checked in as well?”

   “I’m fine. I’ll go look for Steve,” having said that, he patted Michael’s shoulder before leaving. 
**
  Steven stood on the rooftop remembering everything that happened earlier. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK***
*
 After Micheal left, Steven urged Stanley to follow, and the leader knocked Steven  down, staring  directly at him. 

    “You…” Steven shuddered, at the familiar face. 

    “Little boss?” The man muttered, and Steven took advantage of his current shock to jab him away, and the man ran off. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Steven exhaled heavily running his hands through his hair. 

   “Why was he surprised to see me if they wanna use Lina against me?” He thought. 

   “Bro, here you are,” Stanley said, approaching him. “Bro, you were so amazing today,” 

    “You were also amazing,”

   “It’s nothing compared to you. Why don’t you get checked in? Even Austin is in a ward,”

    “I’m fine,”

    “Bro, we’re all curious about how you know where Lina was? I mean… you suddenly drove off like you belong to the rescue team, and pulled over at the right place. Then… you claimed that got Lina was abducted because of you. What does all that mean?”

   “They were lord shark’s men,”

   “Amazing! Was that what that pendant symbolizes?” 

  “Yes,”

  “I knew there was something about that pendant. But lord shark… I have heard of that name before, he is an infamous mafia boss,” he exclaimed, and looked at Steven. “Is he your father?” He gasped. 

   “No. And he isn’t the true boss. He is just a puppet, a mere cover for my father. My father is the boss that is anonymous to many,” 

   “Unbelievable! So could all this really happen because of you? Your father is indeedfearsome,”

  “I’m more scared now. If he could attack Lina, then you all are in danger,”

   “Relax, man! We shouldn’t stress over this. Let’s relax first, and when we are together with others, we will think of a solution,”

   “Thank you,” 
*
  Micheal called his secretary, to inform the Stanford’s about Paulina. He felt it’s needed to inform her family, and the Stanford’s are the only people connected to her. 
  
  He held her hand hoping for her to wake up, until she finally opened her eyes. 

   “Lina, I’m glad that you are awake,” he muttered, kissing her fingers. 

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

   “I’m sorry, Mike,”

   “Don’t be sorry, you’d nothing wrong,”

  The door slugs open later, and Paul rushed in. 

   “Paulina, are you ok? What happened? Are you hurt? Are you sure you are fine?” He asked, touching her face, and she forced a smile. 

   “I’m fine, dad,” she muttered, and Micheal’s eyes widened in shock. 

   “I’ll excuse you two,” he muttered, and left; doubting if they heard him. 
*
 He went outside the ward, and saw Stanley and Steven by the door. 

   “Bro, we are about to go in. Is Lina awake?” Stanley asked, and Michael blocked the way. “What? Is someone in there with her?” He asked, and Micheal nodded. 

   “We should go to Austin’s ward,” Michael muttered.  

   “We can’t. His parents are there,” Stanley said. “Who is with Lina?”

   “Chairman Stanford,”

   “Chairman Stanford? Ava’s father?!” Stanley shouted, and Michael nodded. 

   “But I doubt if he is just Ava’s father,” he grumbled, and they both looked at him. 

   “What did you say?” Stanley asked. 

  “Nothing. Let’s go to the cafeteria to pass time. I wonder why Austin called his parents,” 

   “That dude is such a scaredy-cat,” Stanley teased. 

   “What do you expect from a proud green belt holder,” Micheal added, and they all laughed. 

   “I’ll make sure I tease him tillI get bored of it,” Stanley sneered. 
  
   “You should. He would do worse,” Micheal said, and they all laughed again. 
*
  Paulina sat up, and Paul sat on the seat next to her. 

   “Don’t worry, the police will get to the bottom of this,”

   “Dad… the driver… he plotted everything,”

  “Yeah, the police already investigated him, but he left the county with his family. Don’t worry about anything, Lina, the police will catch the culprit,”

    “I was so scared, dad…” she cried, and he embraced her. 

  The door slugs opened later, and Grace rushed in. 

   “Paul, what happened to her? Paulina, are you ok?” Grace asked, worriedly. 

    “I’m fine, ma’am,”

    “I should have known something was off with that driver. It’s all my fault, you were in danger I  didn’t carefully choose the staffs. He has been working with us for so long, who could have think he would plot such? I’m for putting you in danger, I won’t have been able to forgive myself if anything had happened to you,”

    “Don’t blame yourself, what matters is that Paulina is safe now,”

    “Did they leave any clue on who sent them?” She asked, and Paulina remembered what Steven said. 

    “She already left her statement, she must find it difficult to talk about it,”Paul said, and Grace exhaled heavily. 

   “Dad couldn’t have done this, right? I mean… he doesn’t even know about Paulina,” Grace thought. 
**
**
  IN AN UNKOWN PLACE^^^
^
 Don knocked down two guys— Tony and Carlos, and they crawled on thier knees in pain. 

    “You were given a simple assignment, and it was to protect miss Paulina… but you don’t even know that she was abducted!” He yelled, and kicked one of them stomach. 

   “Boss… we were alert at the bus station she normally drops, we didn’t know it would turn out this way…” Tony grumbled. 

   “Do we ask you to watch the bus station? M0ron!” He shouted, and kicked him again. 

    “We’re sorry, boss…” Carlos muttered. 

   “I don’t care about how you will find her, but look for her!”

    “Yes, boss!” They both chorused. 

    “Let’s get going,” Tony said, and dragged Carlos up. 

   Don groaned in anger looking at them, and he dragged them back. 

    “What can you two do that way?” He blurted. 

   “We will find her! We will make sure we do!” Tony assured. 

    “Go treat yourselves. I’ll find her,”

    “Boss, I..-“

    “No objections!” He snapped, and they both froze in panic. 

    “Yes, boss,”

    “Miss Paulina… please be safe,” he whispered, as he rode his bike away. 
.
  TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 Hmmmmm…
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FIFTY SIX. 5️⃣6️⃣
.
 ❣️❣️another lady to protect❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  IN AN UNKOWN MANSION^^^
^
  Mr. Rex, Lord shark’s right hand man, entered a room and slap the man who stood there with head bowed. 

  The man didn’t lift his head, and Mr. Rex continue hitting him until he was satisfied. 

   “Just a simple assignment, you failed!” He lashed, and hit him again. 

    “I’ll accept any punishment, boss,”

    “You will accept any punishment, boss!”

   “What punishment should I give an incompetent person like you? Just a girl! Just a girl! You failed! And what was your excuse? Some high school boys? High school boys knocked down four men! Is that your excuse?” Mr. Rex yelled, and hit him again. 

    “Boss, one of them is very skilled, and he looked like…” 

   “Shut your mouth!” He shouted, and hit him again. 

   “Boss, he was little boss!” The man shouted, and Mr. Rex looked at him. 

   “Little boss…”

   “Yes, it was him, I’m so sure of it,”

    “Let me see the girl picture again,” Mr. Rex said, and the man gave him a picture of Paulina. “Oh… she must be one. His girlfriend. This is getting interesting,” 

   “Boss, lord shark has arrived,” one of Mr. Rex men announced. 

   “Keep this between us,” mr. Rex muttered, and the man nodded. 
*
  Mr. Rex went to lord shark, and lord shark chuckled glaring at Mr. Rex. 

    “Brother, I…” Mr. Rex shuddered, and lord shark took his gun. “My lord…” Mr. Rex shouted, and fell to his knee. 

     “Just a girl. I already prepared everything for you, you just have to dish it, but you failed. You can’t even dish out a prepared meal!” He shouted, aiming the gun at Mr. Rex head. 

    “My lord…” he cried out. 

   “You failed. And you fueled that impudent politician to talk down to me!” He snapped, triggering the bullet. 

   “Please give me another chance,”

   “I gave you the assignment, but you gave it to someone else…” he muttered, aiming the gun at Mr. Rex’s leg. 

    “My lord… my lord… I…” Mr. Rex shuddered. 

    “Losing your leg won’t even worth that much, but it would please my heart,” he muttered, and intend to trigger the gun. 

    “Little BOSS!” Mr. Rex shouted. 

   “Little boss?” 

    “Little boss showed up. They lost the girl because of little joss,”

    “How sure are you that it was really Steven? Only few of our men know him,” 

    “Yes, but Cain knew him as well. He was part of the men who pursued him on the run,”

     “Steven showed up, and you lost them both!” He shouted, and Mr. Rex gasped. 

    “My lord… he showed up with the police, yes, the police. Little boss is no match for Cain, but they had to run because of the police. Yes, it was all because of the police,”
     
     “You would have kllled two birds with a stone. But you lose them both! He yelled, and fired the gun up. 

    “My lord… we had no choice. We can’t let little boss find out that we were taking orders from that politician. We didn’t even know that he would appear in the scene,”

   “Let me see the girl picture again,” he said, and Mr. Red hands trembled as he gave him the picture. 

    “She…”

   “She is his girlfriend, she was the girl who appeared at the scene tge last time. I can’t be mistaken, it was her!”

   “You knew that, and you didn’t tell me about it earlier!” He shouted, and aimed the hun at Mr. Rex again. 

   “Boss, what do we do? If little boss is involved with her…”

    “Quite!” He snapped, and Mr. Rex covered his mouth. 

   “My lord…” one of lord shark’s men called, running to him. 

    “Split it!”

   “The police found a trace of us at the site. They found a pendant,” the man said, and Mr. Rex tick his teeth in panic. 

    “They did?” He muttered. 

    “They are investigating the matter now, and it was reported that they are scanning the faces, for the girl to identify,”

    “What about the witnesses?”

   “They are four highschool boys. Boss, they are popularly known as MASS. They are all sons of influential multibillionaires,”

    “I know. Did any of them claim to see our men  faces? What was their testimony?”

   “Nothing significant,”

    “Steven, what are you up to?” He thought. 

     “My lord… should I ask Cain and his men to lay low for now?” Mr. Rex asked, and lord shark glared at him, then he bowed immediately. 

    “Ask your men to lay low for now, I’ll take care of the police,” he muttered, and his phone rang. “Speaking of which…” 

    📞*Hello, Chief,”
   📞*Yes, they were my men,*
    📞*They acted rashly, and I understand. But I trust you will take care of it,*
    📞*I understand.* with that he dropped the call, and glared at Mr. Rex. 

   “I want you to pour out the pendants. And you better do it right this time!”

    “Yes, my lord,” he bowed, and hurried away. 

 His phone rang later, he checked the caller ID to see its ‘CHIEF’, and started panicking 
**
.**
   CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
   Paulina was discharged later, and she went home with the Stanford’s. 

  They opened the main door, and met Ava by the exit. 

   “Ava, you must’ve been worried as well,” Paul said, and Paulina looked at her in disbelief. 

    “You were kidnapped for real? For what reason? No one knows that you are dad’s illegitimate daughter, so who could have kidnapped a peasant?” Ava blurted. 

    “Ava, watch your language!” Paul snapped. 

   “You’re mistaken Ava, the driver must’ve set this up. Everyone here knows her identity. That’s why we have to be careful,” Grace said. 

   “Is this realm about me being a Stanford?” Paulina thought. 

   “I’ll help you to your room, you need to rest,” Paul said, escorting her to her room. 

   “Mum, did they catch the culprits?”

   “What can I do with you, Ava? You should always watch your language whenever your father is around!” Grace lashed, and walked out. 

   “She should have disappeared for good,” Ava grumbled, heading to her room. 
**
  Paulina laid flat on her bed after Paul left her room, she turned on her phone and saw a lot of messages from Michael, Austin, and Stanley, but none from Steven. She remembered what Steven said about those men being his father’s men. 

    “Did I almost got hurt because he Steven?” She thought. “This is so scary,” she exclaimed, and  turned 

  She replied to their messages, and slide into Steven’s DM. 

   💬*hi* she texted, and put her phone away. She wanted him to clarify what he said, he didn’t leave any helpful statements to the police, and it was quite bothersome. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN WILSON’S MANSION ^^^
^
  Austin returned home with his parents, and they insisted on having dinner together. 

    “Where is Steven?” Mr. Wilson asked. 

    “He probably left with the others,” Austin muttered. 

   “I can’t believe you boys single-handedly saved your friends from kidnappers. Do you know how ludicrous that sounds? You were amazing because you succeeded, but what if something went wrong?” Mrs. Wilson stated. 

   “That’s enough, honey. I believe they did the right thing. I mean, they wanted to save their friend, and they also called the police. Look at our son, he has no scratch. For the first time, son, I approve your friends,” Mr. Wilson said, and his wife scoffed. 

    “I also agree that they were awesome, they were so brave and it’s applaudable, but what if something had gone wrong? Our son would have been in danger,”

   “It’s a good thing it went well. Look at him. I didn’t raise a c0ward, he is a strongman,” 

    “Mum, dad, I’ll leave first,” Austin muttered, already exhausted. 

    “What? But you barely touch your meal. You need to gather your energy, I’m sure you used a lot of energy to fight those thugs. Here, eat some more,” Mr. Wilson said, and Austin exhaled heavily. 

    “Austin, how is the Stanford’s related to the victim?” Mrs. Wilson asked, and they both looked at her. 

   “I don’t understand,” Austin muttered. 

   “I saw the chairman entering her ward. The victim isn’t thier daughter, so why was he there?”

   “Oh… that… Lina has a close relationship with the Stanford’s, I believe they are her like her guardians,” 

    “How about her parents?” She asked. 

    “Honey, why are you curious about that?” 

    “Mum, I know nothing about her,”

    “So how are you friends with her?” Mr. Wilson asked. 

    “She is Mike’s friend, so we are kinda close too,”

   “I mean… the chairman came all the way from the city, and his wife followed,”

    “His wife as well?”

    “Yeah, I saw that proud peacock that is relying on her father to become the mayor entering the building,”

    “How come you saw it all?” 

    “Dad, I’m satisfied,” Austin said, and stood up before they could protest. 

     “Alright, son. Reach out to Steven to ensure that he is fine. He must’ve also been stressed out,”  Mrs. Wilson said, and he nodded before leaving. 

    “I didn’t know our son has such vigor,” Mr. Wilson said. 

    “He is good at many things expect studying,” Mrs. Wilson muttered, and Mr. Wilson laughed. 
*
  Austin went to his room, and remembered what his mother said about the Stanford’s. 

   “I thought she was leaching off them? But… worrying about her that much was a little… well, people also worry about a stray dog, so what am I thinking?” He thought, and laid took his phone. 

  He sent a message to Steven, before sliding into their group chat. 

  💬*bro, did the Stanford’s really paid Lina a visit at the hospital?* he texted, before replying to other messages. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION ^^^
^
  Micheal saw Austin’s message, and he couldn’t even reply it until Stanley did, and they engaged on random conversations. 

 He put his phone away and went to his study, but he couldn’t bring himself to work, he found himself thinking about Paulina relationship with the Stanford’s. He remembered how the driver addressed her when he went to pick her up, and how she also addressed the chairman, so he tried to accumulate them together. 

 He took a note, and started scribbling letters on it. 

  🗒️*Paulina Andrew, Paul Stanford….*

  He put the note away and shook his head. 

  “Could Paulina be named after him?” He thought. “No, that doesn’t make sense. Paulina doesn’t even bear his name,” he muttered. “Come to think of it. Paulina never mentioned her father to me, not even once. And, she moved in with the Stanford’s after her mother passed away,” he thought. “But it doesn’t make sense!” He lashed. “Come to think of it… this is similar to my biography,” he exclaimed. “But why did Lina hid it from me?” He pounder, he lips paused in thought. 
**
**
  MR. HEARST’S (Steven’s father) MASION^^^
^
  Mr. Hearst sat in the large gazebo close to the pool, and lord shark wobbled on his feet as he walked closer to him. 

  Me. Hearst smirked upon seeing him, and raised his fingers, counting down. On noticing that, lord shark panic and started to run toward Mr. Hearst, because he know the trouble that lies if he didn’t get to him full he count all five fingers. 

  He got to Mr. Hearst the moment he dropped the last finger, and Mr. Hearst smirked, gesturing the men to with to excuse them.  

  Mr. Hearst left his seat, and lord shark closed his eyes ready for the worst. A blow on his face sent him straight into the pool. 

  Mr. Hearst smirked and walked closer to the pool lord shark swam closer to him, and he deep his head in the water, holding him that way till  as satisfied. 

  They both returned to the gazebo, and lord hard kneeled in front of in fear, trying to catch his breath. 

   “The Stanford’s? Who are they? I told you not to get involved with impudent conglomerates. Was it the Packard’s, the politicians? Or the Stanford’s?” He muttered, glaring at lord shark. “Who are they?!” He yelled, and lord shark started to hiccup. “I put you on the throne, I made you my shadow, so you were supposed to follow my rules. You should report to me first, what did to do? Theo? Did you get ahead of yourself because everyone calls you boss? Do you really want to be the boss?”

   “I don’t dare…”

   “I know, you don’t. So I need your explanation,” he muttered, and raised his fingers to count down. 

    “Little boss!” Lord shark shouted, and Mr. Hearst stopped counting to look at him. 

    “What?”

   “It’s little boss. We were trying to get him with the girl,”

    “Was that  the girl? His girlfriend?”

    “Yes, boss. And he truly showed up to rescue her,”

    “Yet, you lost him again,”

    “The police arrived. He came the police!”

    “You didn’t think of that possibility?”

      “I’m willing to take full responsibility, boss!”

     “With your life?”

     “Boss…”

    “Why vow to take responsibility when you aren’t   even willing to sacrifice your life?”

    “I’ll wholeheartedly sacrifice myself after I watch little boss success you,”

    “Do you really want that?” 

    “Boss…”

   “When I locked Steven in the basement, I heard someone aid his escape. Bring that person to me, and I’ll decide your punishment then,”

    “I’ll find yhem boss, no matter how many they are!”

    “And Steven… leave him be, for now. Avoid getting involved with those conglomerate. I’ll handle Steven myself,”

    “Yes, boss,”

    “Did he had any scratch? Did your men have him a scratch before the police arrived?!” He heeled. 

   “No, boss, no. No body dares,”

   “Better! Crawl away,” be muttered, and raised him fingers to count down. 

  Lord shark gasped in fear, and begin to crawl as fast as he can. 

  Mr. Hearst smirked and shot his gun to the air. Lord shark got the signal, and stood to his feet and ran off immediately. 

  A man joined Mr. Hearst later after lord shark left. 

   “Lee, Kelvin is hiding his involvement with that politician. He thought he could have his cake and eat it all. Find out what Steven have been up to lately, and report to me. Scan his environment, and ensure he isn’t being watched. I’ll take care of him personally, after I uncover Kelvin’s intentions,”
**
**
   FIRST GROUP HQ^^^
^
  Chairman Stanford arrived at his company, and the driver pulled over at the parking lot when a motorcycle ride in, parking in front of his car. 

   “What? Did they just give access to random people to park here?” His secretary shouted. 

    “Chairman! I’ve a message from Miss Charlotte,” Don, who was the motorcyclist said, showing his a note. 

   “You can go in first,” Paul said, and his secretary gave Don a second look before leaving. 
*
  Paul and Don went to the cafeteria, and Don handed a note over to Paul, and Paul collected it immediately. 

   🗒️*I bang be next to her, but I want you to keep Don close to her. He is the only one I can trust to protect my daughter.* it read. 

  “Did Charlotte really ask you to give this to me?”

    “You can meet up with her to confirm. You know were she lives,”

    “You are uncle Don?”

    “Uncle Don?”

    “Charlotte talks about you at times when we were younger, she was fond of you,” 

    “Oh… I see…”

    “Can you take me to Charlotte?” 

    “How are you going to explain what happened to miss Paulina to her?” 

    “Charlotte didn’t know about that?”

    “She would have return to get her daughter if she knows. She simply sent me to protect her daughter, because she doesn’t trust you, nor your wife. If you can’t agree to it, I’ll take miss Paulina to her mother. That would be safer,”

   “No, you can’t!”

    “Are you still going to miss Charlotte to confirm?”
    
    “I can’t go to Charlotte until the police catch the culprit, and you can’t fell Paulina anything either,”

    “Deal!”
    
    “One more thing… nobody must know that Charlottes ent you, not even my wife,”     

    “Deal!” 
*
  Paul returned home with Don, and summoned Paulina to the living room. 

   “Good day, miss Paulina,”

    “Dad, who is he?” 

    “Your bodyguard,”

    “Bodyguard? Do I need a bodyguard?”

    “Yes, after what happened, you need a bodyguard to protect you. The police is yet to catch the culprit, and we don’t even know thier motive yet. Don will protect you,”

     “Dad…” she called, and embraced him. 

    “I’ve to return to the office, so take care do yourself. Don, you know what to do,”

     “Yes, sir,”

   Paul patted Paulina’s back before leaving, answering she looked at Don. 

    “Errrmmmm… uncle Don…” she shuddered, and he looked at her in shock. “I hope it doesn’t sound awkward… I have never had a personal staff before, and I don’t feel comfortable calling you by your name. Or, do Mr. Don, sounds better? Yes, Mr. Don,”

   “No! Let’s go by uncle Don. I kinda prefer that. It reminds me of someone that I adored so much,”

    “Really? Your cousin?” She asked, and covered her mouth. “I’m sorry. I don’t understand why I’m feeling too comfortable,”

   “We aren’t related, she was like a cute little sister to me. And it’s fine, let’s feel comfortable together. She was also very comfortable with me, but I messed up. Being with you, could appeal my conscience,” he said, and she smiled. 

  Seeing her smile, reminded him of Charlotte. She might be scared of the others, but she was always comfortable around him. The thought of everything made him feel guilty for what he did to the Floods, and vowed to himself to protect Paulina with his live, to make up for part of his mistakes. 
.
  TO BE CONTINUED…
.
   Uncle, uncle …
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FIFTY SEVEN. 5️⃣7️⃣
.
          ❣️❣️rebound trio❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 Paulina has been confined in her room since the incidence, she has always been scared to leave the room, and haven’t been going to school.  The MASS were worried all worried about her, and have been checking up on her constantly on the phone. Micheal kept in touch everyday, and they mostly take hours on the phone. To her upmost surprise, Sage sent her a message as well, and she couldn’t think of the right response. She cant  tell him about the incident, and couldn’t come up with an excuse either, so she ignored his message instead. Sophia also sent her countless messages which she ignored, she pretended to angry at them, even though she was actually mad at Sophia. 

  She decide to keep herself busy, and started reading articles online about the Floods’, the family were a great family until they faced demise when their secret was revealed. The thought of the ragged-man being her grandfathers, and her mother suffering that much she had to take care of her alone made her wonder if those were all rewards for thier crimes. 

  She put away her laptop, and laid flat on her bed, that has been her routine since the accident. The police stopped thier investigation regarding lord shark gang after they saw the pendant at various marketplace, and teenagers also own one. They assumed that the pendant was an ordinal pendant, so the driver who already fled became thier major suspect. 

She took her phone later when a message beeped in, but a knock on the door distracted her, and the followed the maid to meet her father, there he introduced her to Don, and she felt comfortable with him the moment she saw him, because he looked so familiar—he appeared with her grandfather in some of the articles, seeing him clarified that she couldn’t be mistaken. The tattoo on his neck was visible in the pictures, and he didn’t try to hide it either. 

    “It was him, the man in the picture with my grandfather,” she thought, and found herself addressing him as “uncle” and when he shared t he story about the lady who was like a sister to him, she instantly assumed that he must be referring to her mother.  

  Having him around made her feel reassured that she would be safe, and the instantly had the confidence to return to school. 
*
  She got ready for school the following day, and got ready for school. 

   “Miss Paulina, are you finally returning to school?” Naomi, the maid who mostly attend to her say, and she chuckled. 

    “Of course, I should. I have been slacking behind on classes, and the mid semester exam starts next week,” she said, and Naomi gasped. 

    “Wow. That’s so soon. Wiki you be fine, tho?”

   “I should. Dad assured me that my grades don’t matter, that’s my bail,” she said, and they both chuckled. 

   She left the room, descending the stairs, when she saw Ava also ready for school. 

    “Wow, look who’s finally returning to school,” Ava teased, but she ignored her and continued on her way. 

  They both got to the parking lot, and Ava’s driver helped her with her bag.  

    “What will you do now, poor Lina, at least in my case, my driver is trustworthy,” Ava mocked. 

    “I’ve really been trying to avoid picking up fights with you. Isn’t it too early to start a cat fight?” Paulina lashed, and Ava glared at her. 

    “What did you say?”

   “At least in my case, my ears are working properly!” Paulina sneered, and Ava inter to hit her, but Don was quick to help her hand. 

    “Let go of me! Who are you?” Ava shouted. 

    “My bodyguard! So be warned,”

    “Bodyguard?” Ava laughed. “Who do you tnunk you are to get a bodyguard? Because you almost got kidnapped, does that made you feel like an elite?” 

    “Why? Does reality hurt. I might be an illegitimate, but it didn’t change the fact that I’m an elite, sister,” 

    “Who the heck is your sister?”

    “Get a life, I’m late for class!” Having said that, she went to the car. 

    “That little…” Ava shuddered, and Don smiled before leaving. “Hey! Who do you think you are?” Ava shouted. 

  Don scared her with the car before driving off, and Paulina laughed at the sllly attempt. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Mifheal waited for Paulina at the parking lot after she informed him that about her decision to resume back to school. He has been really worried about her, wondering when she would get the courage to return back to school. 

  She alighted from one of the cars that drove in, and he rushed to her. 

   “Who dropped you off?” He asked. 

   “My bodyguard,”

    “What bodyguard?” 

    “I told you about him on the phone yesterday. Da-… the chairman hired him for me,”

    “Exactly my point, he also hired that driver,”

    “Uncle Don is different,”

    “Unveil what? Come on, who addresses a bodyguard that way?” 

    “Me! I address my bodyguard however I want!”

   “We will argue on that later,” he said, and walked closer to the car, knocking on the window. “Excuse me… Mr. Bodyguard, can I’ve a word?”

    “What are you doing?” Paulina scolded. 

    “Boyfriend’s duty!” He blurted, and she scoffed. 

   Don alighted from the car, and Micheal scoffed, glaring at him. 

    “Is he the bodyguard?”

    “Mike, don’t be rude,”

    “Good day to you, I’m Don, Miss Paulina’s bodyguard!” Don said, staring immensely at him. 

    “And I’m Paulina’s boyfriend, Michael Russ. You must’ve heard about the Russ,”

    “I’m sorry, but I’m not interested in other people,”

    “More reasons why you don’t qualify to be a bodyguard. Well… I won’t beat around the bush, so tell me the qualities you have as a bodyguard! Are you an ex military man? A police? A boys scout? Or what criteria do you belong?”

    “I’m afraid that I don’t belong to any of those criteria,”

    “Mike, that’s enough!” Paulina shouted, and grabbed his hand, dragging him away. 

    “Let me go!” He shouted. 

    “What do you think you are doing? Do you want to fire him? He is just a bodyguard, and he is trusted!”

    “How sure are you? I’m not even comfortable with the way you address him. Uncle Don? Uncle my foot!” He blurted, rolling his eyes. 

    “So, what do you plan to do?”

    “Hire someone capable for you,”

    “Come on, I’m not your liability,”

    “You’re my girlfriend, so it’s my duty to protect you. When you were abutted, do you know how worried I was?”

     “Hi, Lina,” they heard someone say from behind, and they both turned to see its Sage. 

    “What?” She blurted, and looked away. 

    “I’m glad to see you are back. Have you been good?”

    “I’m fine!”

    “Come here, girl!” Sophia approached her, and dragged her away. “I’m sorry, Mike, but I’ve to talk to my girlfriend!” She shouted, as she dragged Paulina away. 

   Michael glared at sage who didn’t stop looking at him, and he chuckled before leaving. 

    “What’s that about?” Micheal grumbled, and scoffed before leaving. “Just like that, she dragged Lina away,” he muttered, heading to his suite. 
**
  Paulina freed herself from Sophia’s grip when they got to the rooftop, and placed her hands akimbo. 

    “Hey! Are you angry at me?”

   “No, I’m not! Can I leave now?”

    “Why are you being this way? You ignored my messages, and calls. Are you cutting ties with me as well?”
    
   “As well? What’s that supposed to mean?”

    “You stopped interacting with Sage after you rejected him, and I was merely there to help him adjust. But here you are, angry at me!”

    “I didn’t stop interacting with Sage… he avoided me first,”

   “Did you make any attempts when he avoided you?”

    “How could I… he was always the one making advances…”

   “What did you do when he stopped? You were the one who rejected him, Lina, you are the one who supposed to keep our friendship. You’ve no reasons to be mad at us, because you were the one wrong. I admit, I also made mistakes, I shouldn’t have paid all attention to Sage. But can I do? You were always with the MASS!”

    “But there were times when I needed someone to talk to as well. None of them understand me as much as you do. You, you and Sage, you were my very first friends, and I valued our friendship. I didn’t want to throw it away, but you both ignored me. I thought, you needed time to help Sage heal, but you never returned to me,” she muttered, in a sober tone. 

   “Then why didn’t you confront me?!” Sophia shouted. 

    “Why would I? I was so mad at you,”

   “Oh… poor little Lina. I have missed you so much,” Sophia said, and embraced her. 

   “You don’t know how much I missed you,” Paulina cried, tightening the hug. 

    “Are you girls done?” Sage asked, approaching them. 

    “Sage…” Paulina muttered, sniffing in. 

    “Can I also have a hug?” He asked, spreading his arms, and she walked into his embrace. 

    “I’m sorry for everything, Sage,”

    “I’m sorry too, I shouldn’t have avoided you that way. I didn’t know that you were hurting,” 

    “Sage…” she cried, tightening the hug — embracing him again, made her realize how much she have missed him, how much she has missed her friends. 

    “So, guys. If you are both sorry, then let’s hang out together later after school. No excuses, don’t think about the coming exams either. Let’s have fun like old time,” Sophia said, and they both smiled in approval. 

    “Yes, like old time,” Paulina muttered, and her phone started ringing. 

  She checked the caller’s ID and saw it’s Micheal, and she instantly kept the phone back. 

   “Guys, I have to be in class now,” she said, and hurried away. 
    
    “That must be Mike calling,” Sophia said, and Sage chucked. 

    “We’re also running late for class,” Sage said, and she gasped. 

    “You’re right!” With that, she ran off. 
**
**
  MR. PACKARD’S MANSION^^^
^
 Mr. Packard chuckled after checking the range of the coming election. Grace range dropped after the last article concerning she and Leo. 

    “It dropped really well, and I those thugs failed on their assignment as well. The election is behind the corners, this is so not good,” he thought, and looked at Mr. Ken. “What did that nonsensical lord shark said concerning thier failed assignment?” 

   “Nothing. They apologized for the inconvenience, and decided to lay low for now,”

   “Lay low? When the election is fast approaching? This is the second assignment they will fail. They failed to get rid of Leo and allow him collide with the Floods, and now they still failed in getting the girl who would’ve been the best target to get the Floods to be quiet, at least till the election is over. Have you found that sneaky Flood ?”

   “No, sir. The search for him proves abortive,”

   “He seems to be hiding pretty well…”
   
   “Sir, but there is news,”

    “About?”

   “It’s Don,”

   “Who’s Don?” He asked, and went deep in thought. “Oh… that young boy. What’s up with him?” 

   “He is now the girl bodyguard,”

   “What? Who hired him?”

   “The chairman,”

   “What is Paul thinking?”

   “All the Floods have returned, sir. The girl’s mother is also in the city, and the chairman is aware of it,”

    “What the… does this mean that Paul is working with the Floods?”

   “It’s likely, sir,” 

   “I ask them to get the girl so I can threaten the Floods, a granddaughter for a granddaughter, but that nonsensical lord or whatever he called himself ruined it all, and now he wants to lay low? After failing twice, he wants to lay low? Tell him I want to meet him. He might be a mafia boss, but I still pull the shots!”

   “He refuse, sir. He seems adamant about his decision to lay low,”

    “Nonsense! I should have get it done myself, I shouldn’t have trusted that thug that called himself a lord,”

   “Sir, what do we do about the chairman working with the Floods?”

    “I doubt it. Paul can’t possibly work with the Floods, Grace would have figured it out somehow. Don being there is merely a coincidence. But I want you to keep an eye on him, we shouldn’t be too relaxed,”

    “Yes, sir,”

    “Why aren’t you publishing the article about my granddaughter? Do you want to pend it till… probably the election?” He thought, and his eyes widened. “The election, yes. The election. They might be planning to attack when I can’t evade it. I want you to bring me that prosecutor, there must be a way to catch that sneaky Flood before things get too messy,” 

   “Sir, about the article. Ms. Grace is still confused on how to go about it,”

    “That girl can never get anything done on her own, I was just away for barely a day, and her range dropped already. I should have known netter,” he grumbled, ticking his tongue in frustration. 
**
**
 AT A RESTAURANT^^^
^
  Leo sat across Mr. Ethan, slipped from his glass of wine. 

   “Boss, you summoned me,”

   “Let’s end it, Leo,”

   “Sir?”

   “Your method isn’t working, apparently, we can’t work together. Don is already glued to my granddaughter, so there is no one to run errands for me again,”

   “Boss, I’ll gladly follow your orders,”

 “I don’t need you,” Mr. Ethan blurted, and Leo looked at him. “You owe me your life, so take care of yourself in return. And you’ll watch the Packard’s go down from afar,”

    “Boss, I can only serve you!” 

   “No! We can’t work together because I want to expose that ba$tard in the family, and you don’t want that,”

    “Boss… there is still another way,”

   “There is no other way. I have to ruin that election, that’s the best way to start destroying the Packard’s. Once the election fall through, that will be the beginning of thier downfall. From now on, we will only do this my way!”

   “Boss…”

   “Don’t you want your daughter back? This is your chance!”
    
   “I promise to protect her,” he muttered. 
    
    “I’m not interested,”

    “There is someone you have to meet, boss,”

    “I don’t want to,” he muttered, and the prosecutor walked in. “You again!” Mr. Ethan snapped. 

    “I’ve been thinking of the best way to use this and protect my family, and I ended up returning back to you,” Mr. Denis (the prosecutor) said. 

   “What are you scheming this time?”

   “This!” He muttered, and played a recording for him —the recording of Mr. Packard threat in the interrogating room. 

   “What would I do with this?” Mr. Ethan blurted. 

   “Nothing! You can’t do anything with it, and I can’t get a warrant to lock up Mr. Packard either. So we can use this to get a warrant,”

   “What do you mean? And why should I trust you?”

   “I was also going to cut ties with all thugs, and I have been thinking of the right way to use this, but here in again. Let’s spread this online!” Mr. Swims said, and Mr. Ethan looked at him. 

    “Online?”

   “Mr. Packard threatened my family, so if this is online, he Wong be able to harm them again, and I’ll be able to get a warrant to lock him up for good. I still have all the evidence I have, so you can also give me everything you’ve against him,”

   “I can’t trust you, Mr. Prosecutor. You might be a spy,”

  “Spy? That’s very lame,”

   “Keep walking, I don’t trust you. If you wanted to give that to the media, you can simply do it yourself. We don’t have to work together, I’m not planning to work with you,”

    “Just as you want to protect your daughter, I also want to protect mine. That’s why I need your help, I want you to protect my daughters,” he said, and Mr. Ethan calmed down a little. 

  Mr. Ethan’s phone rang later, he checked the caller’s ID to see it’s Don. 

   📞*Don*
   📲*Boss, Stone sent video proof of Mr. Packard eliminating a reporter, but his life might be in danger*
  📞*Secure the proof he sent, remember, it cost him his life to send that to you* 
  📲*Yes, boss* upon hearing that, Mr. Ethan dropped the call and chuckled. 
.
   “Mr. Prosecutor, do you say you can get the warrant by selling that to the media?”

   “Yes, sir. If you would give me a second chance, let’s work together again,”

    “Let’s do that,” he muttered, muttered following by an evil grin. 
**
**
    GRACE’S CAMPAIGN SITE^^^
^
  Grace was on the phone with someone when her campaign manager ran to her. 

   “What’s it?” She snapped immediately she dropped the call. 

   “Mayor, you’ve to see this,” he muttered, and showed her a post of her father’s recording. 

   “What? What’s that?” She trembled, reading the caption. 

  *Corrupt government, corrupt system. Threats in the interrogation room. The true face of the mayor you want to vote for*
    
   “Mayor, this is not good for us?”

   “Why are they directing this to me? This is dad not me!” She lashed, and dialed her father’s number immediately. 

   📞*Dad…*
    📞*What? He was arrested again?* she shouted, and the phone fell off her hand. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  It’s going down…
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FIFTY EIGHT. 5️⃣8️⃣
.
         ❣️❣️The petition ❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 Micheal and Stanley were in their suite, and Micheal couldn’t  stop glaring at the to-do list Paulina wrote. 

   “Hey! Did yoy finally turned down your list? Austin asked you to update that stuff,”

   “Not that. But she ditched me again!”

   “With who this time?” 

   “Her friends… I suppose,”

   “Do you think she is trying to avoid us?” Stanley asked, and Micheal looked at him. 

    “What would she?”
    
   “Who wouldn’t? She almost got hurt because of us,”

    “How does it correlate? We were the ones who saved her!”

   “But she was abducted because of Steve!”

    “Oh… could that be it?”

    “I think she is avoiding us. Even Steve is,”

    “Steven went to his relatives, he said he needed a short break, he will be back before the mid semester exam,”

    “You think so? What relative? He is on the run, and you believe he went to his relatives? We already lost a friend again! I couldn’t bring it up because we were all worried about Lina, but now she is back, I think we should worry about ourselves now. I mean, we… the MASS. Austin is the only person that benefited from this. At least thanks to everything that happened, his parents cut him some slack over his grades, but we… you might lose Lina, and we might all lose a friend,” 

    “Speaking of which… where is Austin? His parents cut him some slack, so I’m sure he isn’t studying right now. Could he be avoiding us too?”  

    “Austin is in a secret relationship,”

   “What?” Don’t make me laugh. Secret relationship could fit anyone but Austin. How could he date anyone in secret? He loves to flaunt. And why would he even date secretly?”

    “I don’t know… but do you know is new girl? He seem to be dating someone, but he is keeping it a secret from us. What could have caused that?”

    “Do you think it’s one of your ex?”

   “I only dated 3 girls, and they aren’t even from this school. But Austin is surely seeing someone at school,” 

    “Your crush?”

    “Jessica?”

    “So Jessica is your crush?” Micheal gasped. 

    “Come on, Austin knows better than to date Jessica, I mean… she would bluntly reject him,”

    “But you think she will accept you?”

    “I think this is about Austin,”

    “Answer the question,”

    “No body can tell, until it’s done,”

    “So, are you going to confess?” Micheal asked, with widened eyes. 

    “She is giving me the green light, but she can be unpredictable. Just till after the math competition. I will see how it goes then,”

    “ see you can’t give that up for love,”

    “Love? That’s too cheesy. Why would you use love? I like her, and that’s it,”

    “Like, love? What’s the big deal?” 

    “Love… the word carries too many weight, I can only use with my mother,”

    “I’m envious of you,”

    “That’s out of the blue. What’s there to be envious about?”

     “You’ve a close relationship with your mother, but that wasn’t the case with either of mine. I mean… your parents care about you a lot,”

     “Why are you suddenly like Austin?”

    “Austin parents always criticize him, my parents… I don’t even want to talk about it. But you, you got it all. You’re a genius, and you also get along with your parents as well,”

    “Austin, is that you?” Stanley snapped, shaking him vigorously, and Micheal laughed. 

   “Austin is gone,” Micheal muttered, and he by both laughed. 

    “Don’t be envious of others, Mike. Nobody is perfect! Now back to Austin. Do you really have no clue on who the girl could be?”

    “The albino twins?”

    “Nah… they are both in a relationship now,”

    “Too bad…” Micheal muttered, and looked at him. “Why does it seem like you know something?”

   “Me? I know nothing!” He blurted, and looked away. 

    “More reasons to doubt you. That denial is too blunt,”

    “I have promised not to pry into others private lives, most importantly my friends. But I can’t just help it. Austin was trying to hard to keep it a secret,”

    “What? Who is the girl?” Micheal asked, already curious. 

    “I really didn’t mean to pry,”

    “Quit that man! Tell me who she is. The girl he is dating in secret. Does she worth it? Who’s she? A junior? There is no way he could date a junior student,”

    “It’s Rae,”

    “Who’s Rae ?” Micheal asked, and gasped later.  “What? Rae? Lia’s friend, Rae?”

    “I’m not certain, but it could only be her,”

    “What makes you think that?”

    “They met by the poolside whenever no one is around, and others lonely places. My eyes almost get sore by trying to find this in the cctv. Gosh…”

    “Why would he date Rae?”

    “I don’t know. He had a crush on her ones, but he gave up when she was with Roy, so I’m also confused,”

   “Well… if he chose to date her in secret, good for him. Let’s wait for him to split it. But why does it seems like we are dating?”

   “We?”

  “I mean… Austin is dating someone in secret, Lina ditched me for her friends, and Steven abandoned us. The two of us are always together these days, doesn’t it seem like we are dating?”

    “What? That’s absurd? Mike, have you finally lost it?”

   “I think so. I’m losing my mind. I got ditched for the second time, while others are dating in secret. But good thing I’m not alone,” 

    “He is crazy,” Stanley muttered, and got up. A message beeped into his phone later, and he smiled. “I guess you are alone,”

    “Who’s that?”

    “Jessica. She wants to meet up,”

    “For what?”

    “She wants me to help her with a math problem,”

    “What? Why would she ask for your help? She has professional private tutors,”

     “I know, right? This is a brighter green light. I’m off,” he winked before taking the exit. 

     “I’m all alone this time,” Micheal thought, and threw the to-do list away. 
**
**
 Paulina, Sage, and Sophia hanged out after school, after spending hours at  an arcade, they accompanied Sophia to shop before they went to a snacks bar to get some snacks. All through the evening, Don was watching them closely from afar. 

   “Am I the only one who seems like we’re being followed?” Sophia muttered, looking at Don discreetly.

   “Followed? By who?” Paulina asked, looking around with mouth full of shawarma. 

   “That man. I also noticed that he has been on our track from school,” Sage said. 

    “Are you referring to uncle Don?” Paulina asked, and Sophia choke on her drink. 

    “Is he your uncle?” Sophia gasped. 

    “No, my bodyguard,”

    “Bodyguard?” Sage and Sophia shouted.

    “Why do you have one?” Sage asked. 

    “It’s a long story,” she muttered. 

    “Does it have anything to do with your absence from school?” Sage asked, and she nodded. 

    “What happened?” Sophia asked, already worried. 

    “It’s a long story, and it’s meant to be a secret, but I’ll share,” she muttered, and they paid full attention to her. 
**
**
   AUSTIN’S SUITE***
*
  Austin sat beside Rae who was trying to explain a particular mathematics problem to him. His attention was focused on her as she try her best to explain it. 

  He noticed a strand of hair on her face, and helped her adjusted it. 

    “What?” She muttered, looking at him. 

    “Nothing. There was a strand of hair on your face,”

    “You aren’t even paying attention,”

    “Was I?”

    “You aren’t paying attention like before, is it because your parents already cut you some slack?”

    “What are you talking about?”

    “I’m sorry for prying, but I saw your message, your friends were rejoicing because your parents finally cut you some slack,”

    “Really?”

    “Why are you still receiving lectures from me when you don’t even need it anymore?”

    “Why are you still coming here then?”

    “Because you keep calling me,”

    “But you should have said no,”

    “What are you insinuating?”

    “I kept calling you because I want to be this close to you,” he muttered, and moved his face close to hers. 

    “What are you doing right now?” 

   “Push me away if you don’t want it,” he whispered, and she swallowed hard. 

  He placed a kiss on her lips, and she devoured his lips, responding to the kiss passionately.
**
**
 The petition against Mr. Packard was approved, and his lawyer went to get bail on probation.

  After leaving the prosecutor’s office, he met with Grace at one of his guest house. 

    “Dad, what’s this? The election is behind the corners, and now all these… my range already dropped, and I might lose at this rate!” She yelled, and he chuckled. 

   “You can abandon me, Grace, I give you the permission to,”

   “Dad…”

   “If you can’t even abandon me, then what can you do?” He yelled. 

   “Dad…” she cried. 

   “You’re nothing without me, that’s why you are affected by this. You can’t even get married without my involvement, you can’t keep your life together, and you can’t handle the election as well. And you can’t abandon me, either. What can you do on your one, Grace? Nothing. You’re nothing without me,”

    “So what should I do?” She cried. “You’re right, I’m nothing with you. I can’t do anything on my own, so what do I do now?” She lament. 

    “I was able to leave on bail, but the petition was approved, so I’ll have to go to court. In order to get out of this, I’ve to win the trails,”

    “How do we do that, dad? They’ve a witness, and evidence. Your connection could only bail you out, do we have to bribe the judge?”

    “The judge in charge is not an easy judge, that’s why we need a lawyer that can beat all judges,”

    “I’ll get you all the best lawyers, dad,”

   “No, you shouldn’t,”

    “Dad…”

   “Get me only the best lawyer,”

    “Who?”

   “The best lawyer in the world. Louis Narson,”

   “I thought he retired,”

    “He might have retired, but that didn’t revoke nis license. His daughter will be the judge in charge, and he never lose a case,”

    “Dad, he is currently the president’s advisor, and mentor, do you think he would want to defend you?”

    “Then be useful for once. You will get him to represent me,”

    “Dad, why me?”

    “Because that will be the first time you will be useful. The first hearing is before the final election, so you should guarantee a win, I’ve to be innocent yo guarantee you win, because you can’t abandon me,”

    “Dad…”
**
**
  MR. ETHAN’S SAFEHOUSE^^^
^
  Mr. Ethan paced around in his warehouse after getting report that Mr. Packard was released. 

    “Why would they release him? There is so many evidence that could get him locked up till the trial, why would they release him?” 

    “The Packard’s are really powerful people, he might be plotting a way to escape this,” Leo muttered. 

    “Of course, he would. He will hire the best lawyers, and come out non guilty,”

    “Boss, so what do we do then?”

   “We just watch for now. I have another evidence, but I don’t trust that prosecutor fully yet. I’ll have to watch how the first trail goes, before submitting the evidence to the prosecutor. We can’t loose them this time, not after we have gotten him,”
**
**
    AT A HOTEL^^^
^
  Steven was about to sleep when he heard a knock on the door, he already told all the staffs that he doesn’t need anyone to clean his room, so no one knocks at his door, and whenever he orders something, they usually place a single knock at his door, and leave his order. 

  He didn’t order anything, and whoever was there wouldn’t stop knocking either, so he angrily went to open the door, and was startled to see his father. 

    “Dad…” he shuddered, and was about to close the door back when he saw his friends walking towards their direction. “That’s my friends, would you be fine?” He muttered, and his father chuckled. 

    “Are you now worried about me?” 

    “You won’t hurt them, would you?”

    “Let’s talk later, I will be around,” with that his father left. 

    “Steve, who is that man?” Austin asked. 

    “Why are you here? Aren’t you supposed to be with your relatives?” Stanley asked. 

     “Aren’t you going to welcome us in?” Micheal asked

   “I’m sorry, guys, I don’t want to get involved with you all anymore. You are my friends, and you might all get hurt because of me,”

    “I said we were going to come up with a plan, but you suddenly disappeared again with a lame excuse!” Stanley blurted. 

     “You shouldn’t have tried to find me, I keep up with you guys online because I didn’t want you to worry,  you shouldn’t have bothered. I’m fine on my own!” He said, and was about to close the door, but Micheal held it. 

    “What nonsense are you spewing right now? Lina almost got hurt because of you, but you saved her. What matters is that no one gets hurt, so we have to come up with a plan to sort this out completely,” Micheal said. 

    “I don’t want  anyone to get hurt because of me…” he exclaimed, and broke down in tears. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Hmmmm…
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER FIFTY NINE. 5️⃣9️⃣
.
  ❣️❣️Meeting the anonymous mafia❣️❣️
. 
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
.*
   CHAIRMAN HEFLET’S MANSION^^^
^
    Stanley was engrossed in his thoughts in his room when his mother tapped him. 

   “Mum, when did come in?”

   “A while ago, I knocked, I even called you but you seem engrossed in your thoughts. Do you mind to share?” 

    “Mum, it’s nothing really,”

    “Is it about a girl?”

    “And that too,”

    “So you have a lot of things bothering you,”

     “Mum, I don’t want to bother you with my silly problems,”

    “Is it the girl you told me about?”

    “Yeah, Jessica,”

    “Jessica Lockwood?”

    “Yeah, it’s her,”

    “Wow. You sure have good taste in women,”

    “I’m even confused about the whole thing,” he muttered, and he remembered what happened earlier. 
.*
*
  FLASHBACK***
*

Stanley explained the mathematics problem to Jessica, which she obviously understood. He chuckled at the thoughts that she only used that as an excuse to see him. 

    “Thanks a lot for this. Even if you aren’t in the math club, I can still use your help. I’m thrilled,”

    “Jess, is this a green light?”

    “I don’t follow,”

    “You never asked for my help with any math problems, so I was just wondering if there are other reasons,”

    “Reasons, like…” 

    “Like this?” He muttered, and pecked her cheek. 

      “Do you think I’m giving you a green light?”

    “If it’s not, then what should I call this? You obviously understood the equation, you could ask help from your private tutors if you don’t understand. Everyone at school knows that your current private tutor was a professor from Harvard, your father paid a fortune to hire him, you have many other capable tutors, you could use their help, so why me?”

    “If you think that means I’m giving you a green light, then you aren’t the genius they call you. Thanks anyway!” With that, she left.

    “What’s that about? Did I made a mistake?” He grumbled, staring at her retreating back. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
* 
  He concluded, and his mother chuckled. 

   “You are indeed slow!” His mother blurted. 

    “What? Are you taking her side? She has been confusing me with green lights, and she suddenly calls me slow!” 

    “Those aren’t green lights,”

     “Then what is it? What? What?!” He yelled. 

     “How did you manage to have girlfriends? Is this how confused you were when you ask them out?”

     “I don’t usually ask them out,”

     “Then how…”

    “They always make the first advance, and I follow thier move. That’s just it. Mum, don’t twist this around, Jessica will be the first, and I don’t want to get rejected. She has rejected so many people, and I don’t want to be added to her list. If it’s not a green light, then what is it?” 

    “She just made an advance, is that’s what you call it,”

    “What? You mean, she likes me too and… mum, that’s the green light!” He shouted. 

    “So, what’s next?”

    “I’m going to find a perfect time to ask her out,”

    “Not that,”

    “Then what?”

    “She said that’s also a problem, Jessica isn’t the main cause of your problems,”

    “Oh, that…”

    “Did you pry on someone again? Your friend, perhaps,”

     “Mum… my friends always call me a genius, but you’re the real genius here,”

    “I know you did, that could only be the cause of your worries. Which of your friend this time?”

    “It’s Steven,”

    “What did you find?”

   “He lied to us about going to his relatives, I have been having doubts ever since, and when I tracked his phone location, he was somewhere nearby, o traced the location yesterday, and I found out that he was at a hotel. A lot of things have been going on in his life lately, and we want to help him together as friends, but he kept running away. What do I do? I can’t tell my friends how I figured it out, and it kept bothering me. I don’t want them to get mad at me, and I also want us to help Steven together as friends. What do I do, mum?” 

   She exhaled heavily, and patted his back. “Do shah you think is right. You are a genius, son. You’ve been a genius since i was pregnant with you. You knew the right time to kick to comfort me, and also what to crave for at the moment. You never gave me a hard time when you were born; you leaned to do things faster than other kids… you’ve always been a genius son. I’m so proud of myself for being your mother,” she said, and he chuckled. 

    “That flattered me,”

    “It’s all the truth. So what do you decide?”

    “I’ll bring it up, but I won’t tell them I already find out. I’ll push them, to see their reaction,”

    “Here we go again, my genius,” she said, and he smiled. 
**
**
  AUSTIN’S SUITE^^^
^
   Austin curdled Rae’s head on his chest as they lay in bed together, having random conversations. 

   “So, what are you we now?” Austin asked, changing the topic, and she instantly sat up to look at him. 

   “What do you mean?”

   “This is the second time. We can blame the first on the alcohol, but this can’t be called a mistake,”

    “So what? Does this mean we are a thing? Get a life, Austin. We were both caught in the mood, and we merely had fun. We won’t be seeing each other after today anyways, expect from afar,”

    “What does that mean?”

    “We won’t be studying anymore. You don’t need to improve your grades, your competition is secured. If you have so much time, worry about your competition instead,”

    “But that doesn’t mean we shouod stop seeing each other,”

    “What’s there to meet up for?”

    “I thought we both had fun,”

    “And that’s it!”

    “We can meet to have fun,” he whispered in her ears, when a message beeped into his phone. “What do they want?” He grumbled when he saw it was from a private group chat that Stanley created with just him, and Micheal. 

    “You should respond to your message, I’ll go freshen up,” with that, she went to the bathroom. 
.
  Austin clicked on the chat, wondering what he wanted to discuss without Steven. 
.
  💬Stanley:*Guys, I really think skengbubg is off with Steve*
 💬Micheal: *what did you find?*
 💬Stanley:*what do you mean by that? I just find the whole relative story suspicious *
💬Micheal/ *where is Austin? Call him, and discuss this wigi him*
💬Stanley: *coke on, man. Are you still whining over Lina?*
💬Micheal:*nope! I’m chatting with her right now, and you are distracting me 😖
💬Stanley: *mike! Steve is at a hotel I tracked his phone, and it lead me to a hotel nearby.  That dude lied to us again, I apologize for prying without informing you*
💬Micheal:*I knew it *
💬Stanley: *you also suspected it?”
💬Micheal: *I knew that you already know where he was. What can we hide from you? Nothing. 
.
  Austin gasped after reading the message, and he instantly replied. 

  💬Austin:*what do we do about Steven? He lied to us about being with his relatives, and now this?*
💬Micheal:*where have you been? Are you with your new girl?*
💬Austin: *that’s not important right now. Why do you think Steven is doing this again? What if he tries to commit suicide again?*
💬Stanley:*We have to step in, and stop him like last time. 
💬Austin:*that dude is something else. He replies to our messages like everything was fine*
💬Stanley:*he is avoiding us on purpose, because Lina got hurt because of him, he is trying to protect us from himself*
💬Micheal:*Stan, since you already know where he is. Drop the address, and let’s meet up to go together*
.
  Stanley sent the address, and they agreed on a place to meet up. 

  Austin wore his clothes immediately, and Rae came out of the bathroom fully dressed. 

   “Aren’t you gonna shower?”

   “There is an emergency,”

    “What emergency?”

    “Steven might be in danger, so I’m going to him,”

   “You are going to meet a friend who is in danger?”

   “I don’t have time. Have you called your driver?”

   “Yes. He will be here shortly,”

    “Alright, see you,”with those parting words, he exited the room. 
*
 They all met up, and Stanley drove them to where Steven was. They got to the receptionist, and it took them a lot of persuasion before getting his room number. 
*
   After Steven little drama of emotions, Stanley helped him up, and they all went in together. 

   “Who lodges in a hotel like this?” Austin muttered, a little disgusted by the room. 
   
    “Steven…” Stanley teased, and they all chuckled. 

    “Why did you lied to us? To protect us? From who? Your father? Then who will protect you? It’s we, your friends!” Micheal lashed, startling them. 

    “Mike, take it easy,” Stanley muttered. 

    “He is right. Do you think you can run forever?” Austin blurted. 

    “Not you too,” Steven grumbled. 

    “I…” Steven shuddered. 

    “No excuses. You either check out today, and return to Austin’s house, or we forget about our friendship!” Micheal blurted. 

    “Mike, let’s hear him out first,” Stanley said. 

    “What does he have to say? I’m not in the mood for unnecessary whining!” Austin snapped. 

     “Then what do we do about my father?” Steven muttered. 

    “I’ll personally go to him,” Micheal said, and they all gasped. 

     “What?” They shouted, and the door slammed open immediately. 

    “Dad…” Steven shuddered, and they all flinched in fear. 

    “Which of you wants to have a word with me?” Mr. Hearst sneered, and they all looked at Micheal. 
**
**
  LOUIS’S HOUSE^^^
^
   Louis returned from work late at night, and Charlotte went to welcome him.  

    “Why are you still up?” 

    “Because you are still out. I hope you haven’t  had dinner, Ms. Bella and I prepared dinner together, I’ll microwave yours,”

    “You shouldn’t have waited for me. I could have been home later than this,”

    “Thankfully, you aren’t. Go have a seat while I’m being nice,”

    “Yes, madame!” He said, and she chuckled. 
*
 He went to the dinning, and she dropped her phone to go and microwave his food. 

    “Give me a minute “ she muttered. 

    “I can wait the whole night, so take your time,” he replied, and a message beeped into her phone.  His sight met the screen, and his eyes widened to see it was Paul. 

   “Paul?” He said, and she looked at him. 

    “What did you say?”

    “You met Paul?” He asked, and what she was holding fell off her hand. 

    “I was going to tell you about it,”

    “It didn’t appear that way,”

    “I was truly going to tell you,”

    “What did you two discussed? And when did you met?”

     “Yesterday,”

    “Yesterday? And you even keep in touch. When did you plan to tell me? After he annul his marriage to Grace?”

     “What are you insinuating?”

    “I don’t have to say it out loud for you to know how I truly feel. We both know how I feel about you, although it might be one-sided, still I don’t care, but it will break my heart if you return to Paul after everything…”

     “Louis, it really not what you think,”

    “The fact that you met with Paul, and kept it a secret… means a lot. You know that!”

    “We only met briefly,”

  “Brief enough to exchange contacts! Charlotte, do you still abhor feelings for Paul?” 

    “It’s really not that!”

    “You can’t even answer the question,” 

    “Paulina was abducted!” She lashed. 

    “What? Your daughter was abducted? By Grace?”

     “We don’t know who put them up to it, but it could only be her,” she muttered. 

     “Paul came here to tell you that?”

     “Yes,” she muttered, remembering her conversation with Paul. 
*
*
   FLASHBACK***
*
   Charlotte was in the living room when Jay came to inform her of Paul presence. 

     “A man named Paul is here?”

     “Should we usher him away?”

     “No, no, no. I’ll see him,”

     “Then, should we invite him in?”
     
     “No, I’ll go out to eat him,”

   She followed Jay out, and met Paul by the gate patiently waiting for him. 

      “Charlotte,” he called

     “What do you want?”

      “It’s really Charlotte,” he muttered, and she glared at him in disgust. 
*
  They went to the nearest coffee shop, and she glared at him, wondering what he wants to discuss. 

    “What do you want Paul?”

    “Louis told me someone tried to hurt you,”

   “Not hurt, Paul! It was attempted murder. I narrowly escaped d€ath! So what do you want?” 

    “This,” he muttered, and gave her the note Don gave to him. “You aren’t the one who wrote that, right?” 

    “Uncle Don? This could be dad,” she muttered. 

    “I know. There is no way you could send a bodyguard when you don’t even know that she was abducted,”

     “Mg daughter was abducted!”

    “She was rescued in time,”

     “Who plotted it? Who?”

     “The police are still investigating it, I just feel it’s right for you to know,”

     “Paulina isn’t safe in that house anymore, I’m coming to get my daughter back,”

     “That might put her in more danger,”

     “She is already in danger!”

     “If your suspect is Grace, you won’t be safe if she knows that you’re alive,”

     “Grace was here,”

     “What? She knows?”

     “Grace was here, and I thought you told her about me,”

    “I didn’t tell anyone, not even Paulina,”

     “I’m coming back for my daughter, I don’t care about Grace anymore,” she said, and he held her trembling hand. 

     “Charlotte, you’ve to relax,”

     “How do you expect me to relax?” She snapped, freeing her hands from him. 

    “Charlotte, I might have failed all my promises to you, but I made a promise to myself to protect my daughter, so let me,”

     “How will you protect her?”

    “Just trust me, Charlotte. I came to here to tell about Lina so you would be guarded. The bodyguard, is guarding her well,”

    “Is that all?”

    “Do you trust me?”

     “Is that a question?”

    “Let’s exchange contacts, so I’ll inform you on the recent updates concerning the case,” he said, and she gave him her phone. 

     “How is my daughter? She must’ve been so scared…”
    
     “She was. But she felt reassured after I hired Don. You trusted him when we were younger, so I believe I could be rest assured that he would protect our daughter,”

    “If that’s all, I’ll leave now,” having said that, she left. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Louis exhaled heavily when she finished her story. 

    “I’m sorry, Louis, I should have tell you earlier,”

    “Why didn’t you tell me? I also worry about your daughter a lot, and this is something crucial, you should have tell me,”

    “I didn’t want you to be worried. Dad already sent Don to be with her. You always leave home early, and return late at night, your work is stressful enough so I didng want to bother you with mine,”

    “I also didn’t expect working in the VIP section to be this stressful, but you should’ve still tell me about me,”

    “I…-“ she was saying, when his phone rang. 

   📞*Yes?*
    📞*what?*
   📞*which professor is on duty?*
   📞*ok. I’m on my way,” with that, he dropped the call. 
.
    “There is an emergency, Ive to leave,”

    “Alright, take care,” 

    “Bye,” with that, he exited the room. 

     “This is why I can’t bother you with my problems,” she grumbled, in guilt. 
**
**
  Grace was deep in thought, thinking of a way to convince the lawyer to represent her father, so had mind instantly went to the president, so she called her father immediately. 

   📞*Dad, the president. The attorney will always listen to the president*
 📲*No, you got it all wrong. The president will always listen to his advisor*
 📞*what do we do then, dad?*
 📲*you can’t even figure that out?*
 📞*dad, what do I do? The election is behind the corners. You promised to make me the mayor, and now all these*
  📲*then abandon me, that’s your only choice* With that, the call ended. 

   “Dad, dad!” She shouted, and looked at the phone screen. 

    “Mum, what’s this about grandpa!” Ava shouted, barging into her room. 

     “Ava, we might have to abandon your grandfather,”

     “What? How could you say such?”

      “That’s your grandfather’s wish,” she muttered, thinking of a way to get the best lawyer to represent her father. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Grace, Grace 🤔
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
    📖📖CHAPTER SIXTY.6️⃣0️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️a typical family with no flaw❣️❣️
. 
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
  AT A HOTEL^^^
^
  Mr. Hearst and Michael sat across each other, while the others all sat together on the bed with mixed emotions. 

   “Why did you abducted Paulina? Is not to get Steven, you could have gone to Steven instead like now, but why Paulina? Is this ti scare us so we can abandon our friend?” Micheal stated, and Mr. Hearst chuckled. 

   “You’re one blunt teenager, I bet you are indeed a director,”

    “Can we skip the chit-chat, sir? We friends got hurt, and I have to protect them from any future crisis,” Micheal said. 

    “As you stated, I don’t need to pull childish strings, I could just come at Steven direct, why involve an elite into it? I hate getting involved with elites. So, who could it be ?”

    “Lord shark?” Steven muttered, and they all looked at him. 

    “Why would he attack your friends?” Mr. Hearst asked bavk. 

    “It’s not because of me,” Steven grumbled. 

     “Young man, does that answer your question?” Mr. Hearst said to Micheal. 

    “Paulina didn’t get hurt because of Steven, does that mean someone else tried to hurt Paulina? Who could it be?” Micheal said, and started to panic. 

    “You’ve to be guarded, Kelvin’s men are on the look out for you. He helped you escape from the basement, and now he is keeping a close watch on you. What do you think?” 

    “Lord shark wanna get rid of me?” Steven muttered. 

   “You have more enemies than you think, and your friend also has hers. Talk later, entertain your guest, see you again, young man,” having said that, he patted Michael’s shoulder and exited the room. 

   Austin exhaled heavily after he left, and held his chest. 

   “Your father was really intimidating, thank goodness he left, I finally got to breathe properly,” Austin exhaled. 

    “Mike, you were really amazing back there, how do you manage to have a conversation with him?” Stanley asked. 

   “If Paulina didn’t get hurt because of Steven, then who could have plotted it?” Micheal muttered, and they all looked at him. 

    “This is getting scary.  Seems like Lina also has her own enemies. Gosh, the thought of that creeps me out. The police are still investigating the case, I hope they get the culprits soon,” Austin stated. 

    “The runaway driver is thier prime suspect, and he always flee out of the country. I don’t think they can head anywhere in thier investigation,” Stanley remarked. 

    “Steve, you should’ve testified against that lord shark of whatsoever he is called, it would’ve helped the police in thier investigation!” Austin blurted. 

    “The police can’t arrest lord shark based on my statement, and I would have to disclose my identity… my father’s identity to give that statement. It didn’t help the last time, so I have to avoid making the same mistake again,” Steven muttered. 

   “This isn’t time to blame anyone. What do we do now that we’ve no clue on who tried to hurt Lina?” Stanley said. 

    “Do you think they wanted ransom? I mean… the Stanford’s seems to care about Lina a lot, so they could gladly pay of whatever ransom the kidnappers requested,” Austin said. 

    “You are right, it could be for the ransom,” Stanley said. 

    “No. Lord shark’s men don’t work that way, they get paid before carrying out any assignments. If it was for ransom, the culprits wouldn’t be able to afford what fee, whoever it was would’ve waited for the ransom, and the driver won’t have flee instantly. Whoever was behind it could afford all the bills,” Steven remarked

    “That sounds scary,” Austin whined. 

    “Could it be Ava’s mother? Trying to get rid of her husband’s illegitimate daughter? No, no, there could be an another motive,” Micheal thought. 

   “Mike, why are you awfully quiet?” Stanley asked, bringing Micheal out of his thoughts. 

    “We’re now convinced that Lina didn’t get hurt because of Steven, so ease your conscience, and return to Austin’s house,” Micheal said. 

    “You don’t need to run away from us anymore, man,” Austin said, patting Steven’s shoulder. 

    “But what do we do about Lina?” Stanley asked. 

   “Let’s worry about that later. We’ve to return home, it’s getting late. I can’t imagine spending a night here “ Micheal said. 

    “Grosssss… NEVER!” Austin blurted, and stood up immediately. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Paulina tossed and turned on her bed unable to sleep, she abeg a message to Micheal hours ago but he didn’t respond. 

   “What? Is he ignoring my text because he’s hanged out with Sage?” She thought, and scoffed. “Oh… be could he be busy, perhaps?” She muttered, and checked the time she sent the last message when Sophia sent a message to her. 

 After telling Sage and Sophia about the incident, they were both worried, and didn’t stop checking up on her. 

  She smiled and respond to the message when Sage’s message beeped in. 

  She was engrossed on in her chat when Micheal sent a message, she scoffed in annoyance and gladly ignored it. 

    “You should also know how it feels,” she muttered, in fulfillment.
**
**
CHAIRMAN RUSS’S MANSION^^^
^
  Chairman Russ left his study and joined his wife in the bedroom. She welcomed him with a smile, and he smirked going to seat next to her. 

    “Let’s get a divorce,” he stated, and her eyes widened agape. 

    “Honey, that’s so random! What nonsense are you spewing?  What divorce?”

    “I think you want to end our marriage,”

    “What led to that?” 

    “This,” he muttered, and showed her a message he received from an anonymous source, about her plan of revealing Micheal’s true identity. 

     “What…” she shuddered. 

    “You can’t deny it because it’s accurate. You can only think of that if you want us to split up,”

    “Are you threatening me?”

    “Is this a threat to you?”

    “Ben, even if we annul our marriage, the company is mine. I have more shares there!”

   “Have you forgotten that the shares your father stole from me was tied to our marriage? You can’t claim them all,”
    
     “What are you insinuating?”
     
     “We can only be together for that shares to be meaningful. Mike is my son, and we agreed on him being our son, but you only see him as a rival!”

    “Because that’s what he is!”

    “Was that also why you brought Laura back?”

    “You knew it was her?”

    “What are you really plotting? You brought Laura back, and want to reveal Micheal’s identity! Did you have this planned out from the start?” 

     “Do you think I’ll accept Micheal because he is your son?”

    “Mike is my son, so I won’t let him go down alone. If you reveal his identity, then our marriage is over!” With that, he stormed out of the room.  

  She stared at his retreating back, and scoffed in disbelief before taking her phone to call her secretary. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
Micheal arrived early at school, and waited behind at the parking lot for Paulina. She ignored all his messages last night, and he couldn’t help him worries when she screened his calls as well. 

 Stanley showed up later, and Micheal not to wait for him. He waited for few more minutes before Paulina arrived, and her face twisted in a frown after seeing him. 

   “Did I do something wrong?” He thought. “She was the one who ditched me, so I’m the one who supposed to be mad at her,” he muttered, and composed himself. 

    “Hi,” she said softly, and walked past him. 

    “What? Just hi?” He grumbled, and dragged her back. 

    “Hey, Lina! Are you mad at me?”

    “No, I’m escalated to see the person that ignored my message for hours, and replied when he had the time!” She blurted, and Micheal exhaled heavily. “I’m so happy to see you, but too bad, I’m busy now. Gotta run,” with that, she turned to leave but he held her back. 

    “Lina, something came up last night,” 

    “Lina,” Sage called, approaching them and ahe freed herself from Michael. 

    “Sage,” she called cheerfully, and Micheal scoffed. 

    “Hi, Mike,” Sage waved, and Micheal glared at him. 

    “Hi! What?” He blurted. 

    “Lina told me about the incident, so I wanted to thank you for finding her, and going to her rescue,” he said, and Micheal rolled his eyes. 

    “I rescued my girlfriend, it’s no big deal!” Micheal blurted. 

    “Let’s go, Sage. We are late for class,” Paulina said, grabbing Sage’s hand, and leading her away. 

    “Did you two had a fight?” Sage whispered in her ears, and she chuckled. 

     “What? What? What’s that?” Micheal grumbled in disbelief. 

    “Oh… did you just get ditched again?” Austin who just arrived with Steven teased, and Michael glared at them.  
**
**
  MR. PACKARD’S HOUSE^^^
^
 Mr. Packard turned on his TV to watch Grace news on her campaign, when one of the reporters asked her questions concerning his case. 

   🎤*… my father is innocent until he is proven guilty. And about that post onine, many of us know how those source are easily manipulated   My father is going to sort out his case, but that shouldn’t change your vote…*
 
  Mr. Packard turned off the tv, and faced his PA who he sent to get information on Louis Narson, ((the world best lawyer) and they both  pounded on how to get  to represent him in court. 

    “Sir, the man seems so clean, he has no flaw we can use against him,” Mr. Ken said. 
    
   “How can someone has no flaws?”

    “Nothing tangible to use against him. He has been a diligent lawyer since he graduated from law school, he has a humble background, but he was able to climb up the ladder with his hard work, and most importantly he has never represented a politician before. He is very picky with clients, and he worked hard as an independent lawyer since his internship. He interned at one of the best law firms in Los Angeles, and he refused employment, to establish his own law firm,”

   “So, he climbed the ladder while running his own law firm…. His family,”

   “He only has a daughter. Patricia Greenwood. She got married after she graduated from low school, she was a sophisticated student, she passed the judiciary exam in her first try and have been working diligently since then. She is currently a judge at the supreme court, and also has various recognition for her fair ruling. Sir, she was famous after she sentenced a fellow judge the harshest ruling for assault, claim in that those who know the law shouldn’t break it; and he was rumored to be her acquittance  singe law school,” 

    “Wow! So she rules fairly. I heard she married into a conglomerate family, there must be something on them,” 

   “The Greenwoods’. There is really nothing much about them. They produce various agricultural products, they are known to have the largest agricultural field, and the current chairman is the third generation in line. Thier taxes and public figure clean,”

    “The kids? Yes, there must be something on the kids!”

    “His granddaughter lives a carefree life like commoners, she associate with everyone, and made a lot of friends at the foundation she visits regularly with her parents,”

    “He also has a grandson. There must he  something on him,”

    “Nothing, sir,”

    “Nothing?!” He yelled. 

    “Yes, sir. He gets along well with his peers. No history of bullying, or power abuse,” 

    “How can a family have no flaw?!” 

    “Sir, we also did a search on his in-law, but there was nothing. Seems like he is loyal to his wife,”

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

     “Since we can’t threaten him with anything, then we have to convince him somehow...”

   “Sir, in his first interview as the president’s advisor, he announced that he haven’t retired as a lawyer completely, he is waiting to take a case before he retires for good,”

    “That’s good. If we could convince him, he would gladly take the case,”

    “Sir, I have an idea,”

    “Say it away,”

    “He has always been interested in the hierarchy policy of class at holland high “

    “The Russ’s school?”

    “Yes, sir. He has filled various petitions against them, but none was approved,”

     “Then I can just  grant him the petition. Why didn’t you say that earlier?”

     “But there is a problem,”

     “What’s it again?”

    “His grandson, Sage Greenwood, recently transferred to the school,”

     “What? Then that’s still good. Is his grandson is involved in the hierarchy policy at the school when he has filled several petitions them, that should help in getting him somehow. He tried to fill a petition, but he ended up enrolling his grandson do enjoy the supreme class benefit. What a cunning man,”

    “No,”

    “What do you mean, no?”

   “His grandson is in the middle class according to the school hierarchy class,”

    “What? How can the only grandson of Louis Narson be in the middle class?”

    “His parents didn’t make the donations require,”

    “What the…”

    “Sir, we can only convince him with our words, and our lucky stars…” 

    “Louis Narson, what are you exactly?” Mr. Packard grumbled.  
**
**
 Leo left the safe house after he confirmed that Mr. Ethan was gone completely. After watching Grace interview concerning her father’s case, he has been having doubts about the trial. They did a thorough research on the judge ruling the trial, and was convinced a little but Mr. Packard is yet to disclose his lawyers. 

 Leo has been trying all his best to stall them from disclosing Ava’s true identity, although he knew that he can’t keep it up forever, so he decide to protect Ava in his own way. 

  He blocked Ava’s car with his motorcycle by the roadside, and her driver stopped the car immediately. 

    “Hey! Are you lnsane?!” The driver yelled, and Leo removed his helmet. “He must be lnsane,” the driver muttered. 

   “Do something about that!” Ava blurted, and she composed herself when she remembered how Paulina was abducted. 

  The driver alighted from the car to yell at Leo, and Ava looked at his face from the widescreen. 

     “What? Him!” She muttered, and started thinking of what to do. 

  The driver exchanged words with Leo who refused to leave, and Ava alighted from the car when the driver threatened to call the police. 

    “Leave him to me,” she muttered, and the driver looked at her. 

     “Madam…”

     “Wait in the car. Don’t make me repeat myself!” She blurted, and the driver obliged immediately. 

     “It’s nice meeting you again,” Leo said, and his lips curved in a smile.  
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 What’s going on here ? 😳
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
  📖📖CHAPTER SIXTY ONE. 6️⃣1️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️the fake-real heiress❣️❣️
. 
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
 Ava has been restless after the article of her mother and Leo together, she feared that it could ruin her life for good. Fleeing to England helped her escape the harsh reality, but now, she felt like it was really going to be over—she is going to lose her position as her father’s daughter, her title as the Stanford’s heiress, and her family completely. When Paulina appeared from the blues, she loathe her so much because she was also a Stanford, while she, was a fake heiress. Her grandfather who was the only one that can protect her started facing his own crisis as well, and her mother was more concerned about her election than any other thing, she was even determined to abandon her father in other to win the election. 

   “Will she abandon me as well when everything goes south?” She thought, and she has been pondering on that since her grandfather’s scandal. 

  She got ready for school, and saw Paulina entering her car, she scoffed in disgust until the car drove off. 

   “I won’t let you take everything from me, never. I’m the only Stanford’s heiress, and nothing will change that. I’m the queen, and I’ll always be,” she muttered, with clenched fist before entering her car. 
*
  She arrived at school, and packed her bags during recess break ready to leave the class, but Lia and Alicia approached her. She has been avoiding them  since the scandal about her grandfather, she doesn’t know how to justify him, and no one dares to ask her questions about him expect the both of them. 

    “Hi guy,” they waved cheerfully. 

     “Hi, gotta run!” She blurted, and stood up to leave but Alicia dragged her back. “What?” She snapped. 

    “Are you avoiding us?” Alicia asked. 

    “We are in same class, so how can I avoid you guys?”

     “But you have been avoiding us,” Alicia stated. 

    “It’s just your delusional self thinking that. Just because I don’t hang around with you guys doesn’t mean I’m avoiding you,”

    “Babe, this is really not fair. We’ve missed you,” Lia said, and embraced her. 

  They left the class together, and headed to the cafeteria, there they met Rae in company of her new friends. 

   “I thought she was seeing someone at school,” Alicia said, gesturing at Rae. 

    “You think so?” Lia asked. 

    “I heard Gabby telling the others, she was always on the phone ith someone so they thought so, but she didn’t disclose who he was,”

     “Maybe she is ashamed of him,” Lia sneed, and Alicia scoffed. 

    “Ava, why are you picking on your food?” Alicia asked, and Ava glared at her. 

   “Ava, do you want to have some fun? You look down,” Lia said. 

    “Lia, no!” Alicia muttered. 

    “Shall we?” Ava sneered, and Lia smiled, while Alicia let out a sigh.

  They went to Rae’s table, and Rae exhaled heavily, and hit the table before looking at them with folded arms. 

     “There is no empty seats for three!” Rae blurted. 

    “Who said we wanted to chitchat?” Ava sneezed. 

   “Well… I don’t care about what you want, but if you have time to poke around, I would advise to take your time in doing good deeds. Your grandfather is famous these days, but that won’t help your mother win her election, I know you don’t care, but you are no longer the queen if your mother lode to Alicia’s father. So assist your mother’s campaign, and stop causing troubles!” Rae blurted, before leaving; leaving Ava speechless. 

    “The nerve of that…” Lia almost shout, but Ava glared at her to be quiet. 

   Ava stormed out of the cafeteria, and they both trailed after her. 

    “Girl, are you going to let that bltch get away with that?” Lia said, and Ava glared at her. 

    “Someone is trying to ruin my mum’s election, by pitching that recording about my grandfather, we all know how the internet works, right?” 

    “Yes, we do,” they grumbled, in confusion. 

    “And someone who wants to ruin my mum’s election is behind it. Who could it be? Who would benefit more if my mum’s election fails?” She blurted, and Lia looked at Alicia. 

    “Babe, I thought we agreed not to bother ourselves with our parents election?” Alicia remarked. 

    “I’m just saying… I’ll leave first,” with that, she left. 

   “Do you think she is avoiding us because of that?” Lia muttered. 

    “She is such a loser!” Alicia snapped, before leaving. 

    “What’s going on? Hey, wait for me!” Lia shouted, running after her. 
*
   Ava went to her suite, and smashed everything she could on the floor. 

   “No…! I can’t lose it all, I won’t lose to Alicia, and I wing lose to Paulina! Noooooooo! Everything is mine, everything is mineeeeee…. I’m the queen,”
She lamented, and broke down in tears. 
**
**
  Paulina and Sage sat at the rooftop, and she placed her head on his shoulder as they talked about random stuff when Sophia joined them. 

   “Sophie, what took you so long? Where is our lunch?” Paulina whined. 

    “I’m sorry guys, sorry for being late,” she said, and they all grabbed their snacks. 

   “Junk food will forever be the best for recess,” Paulina said. 

   “I totally agree!” Sophia said, and they all made a toast with their soda. 

    “It feels like everything is back… the three of us together, here, chattering freely, while enjoying our lunch,” Sage said, and they all smiled. 

    “It felt kike the past, but the reminder of the mid semester examination is so terrifying, I wish we could really travel back in time,” Sophia whined, and they both laughed. 

    “Is the examination system here hectic? I don’t understand why you are all making a fuss over the exam?” Sage said, and they both glared at him. “What? What? That scared me,” he whined. 

   “What’s your current GPA?” Sophia asked. 

    “Why are you asking?” Sage asked. 

    “Just asking,”

    “4.8,” 

    “What?” They both shouted. 

   “No wonder you aren’t restless like others,”

    “Do you think I’m do that great? My grandfather was never impressed by my grades, but I’m too relent over that,”

    “You were relent, and managed to get 4.8, you would ace over the highest score if you weren’t. I should stop hanging out with you,” Sophia said, and he chuckled. 

    “She is right,” Paulina added. 

    “What’s your GPA, Lina? I aren’t that bad,”

     “4.5,” Paulina said, and Sophia gasped. 

    “What? You are both traitor!” Sophia shouted x and they both laughed. 

     “Come on, I managed to get that after studying my a$$ out. I picked a complex elective last year, and had troubles with the subject. I almost saved up to get a private teacher,” Paulina remarked.
     
    “Never mind it, save the excuses. You are trying  to tell me that you would have gotten higher if you didn’t choose a challenging elective, I heard that,”

    “Yeah, it dropped from 4.7. But I never relent, all I ever do was study. I don’t even hang out with friends, unlike Sage, he is the real traitor,” she said, pointing at Sage. 

    “What? Why are you pinning it on me?” Sage grumbled 

    “That’s enough!” Sophia yelled, and they both composed themselves. “I don’t want to hear anymore words. And… it’s over between us. Just until the exam is over, it’s OVER! I should know better than hanging out with your two,” she blurted, and left. 

    “Sophie, wait. Take your soda!” Paulina shouted after her, and she went back to take it before leaving.

  Paulina and Sage laughed hard at her retreating back until she was out of sight. 

     “She is being dramatic. But I never knew you were that good,”

    “I really worked hard for my grades, but I’m so scared now. I have been unable to concentrate these days, and the teaching system here is different from the one I’m used to,”

    “I’m sure you will do well, better, than Sophie who just abandoned us,” he said, and she laughed. 

     “Is she that bad?” Paulina asked, and he shook his shoulders. 

    “Hun, hun. Mind if I join you?” They heard Micheal said from behind. 

    “Mike, what are you doing here?” Paulina asked. 

    “It’s my school!” He bragged. 

   “There he goes …” Sage grumbled. 

    “I’m here to have lunch with my girlfriend, and her friend,” he said, and Sage scoffed. 

    “Why would you have lunch here?” Paulina blurted. 

    “Sage… do you mind?” Micheal asked, and Paulina rolled her eyes. 

    “Hey, what are you up to?” 

   “Sure! Let’s have lunch!” Sage said, and Micheal smirked. 

    “Sage…” Paulina called. 

   “Thank you, man. But I have company. I hope you don’t mind,” Micheal said, and his friends joined them. 

    “Come on, man, must we really have lunch here?” Austin whined. 

    “Let’s eat,” Micheal muttered with clenched teeth, and Stanley chuckled. 
*
  School dismissed later, and Sage was on his way to his car when he heard Sophia calling out his name. 

   “I thought we were over,” he teased, and she catch up with him. 

   “Give me a ride home,”

   “What happens to your car?”

   “My driver called, my car broke down. Do I need an excuse to request for a ride?”

    “That’s rich coming from you, after you abandoned us at the rooftop,”

    “Are you holding grudges?” She teased, and he smirked. 

   “I’ll drop you halfway as revenge,” he said, sticking out his tongue and she scoffed. 
*
  They drove off in silence with just the slow music playing, until Sophia broke the silence. 

    “I never expected you and Paulina to be that good,”

    “What’s your GPA?”

   “Do you expect me to say it?”

   “You won’t have started this conversation if you aren’t going to say it,”

    “You know me too well,”

    “Well enough to know that you are bad at studying,”

    “I’m actually trying, and my parents aren’t bothered,”

    “What’s your best try?”

    “2.3,”

   “What?” He lashed, and stopped driving to look at her. 

    “What? I know I’m bad, you don’t have to make it obvious,”

    “You aren’t bad… you are the worst,” he exclaimed, and she started hitting him. 

    “Do you have to be that blunt?”

    “Don’t be bothered about it.Grades are really nothing in this part of the world, so far you aren’t dreaming of pursuing the legal field, or any educational career,” he said, and she scoffed. 

    “My dream is to get married to an influential man, I don’t even want to lift a finger,”

    “Such wild dream you got,”  he teased, and she chuckled. 

    “Don’t think of teasing my dream,”

    “Oh, while on that. I guess I should pend the blind dates till after the exams are over. I hope you haven’t make plans, because you are going to get so busy,” 

   “Busy with what?”

   “Blind dates. I got back in touch with many of my guys. Take your pick, you are their spec,” he winked. 

   “Why are you suddenly fixing blind dates for me?”

  “Because you always wanted it,”

   “You didn’t even get Lina,”

   “That doesn’t matter. I should still treat my girl well,”

   “You girl, my foot,” she muttered, and he scoffed. 

   “So get ready,” he winked, and she scoffed. 

   “I’m not interested in blind dates anymore,”she grumbled, in a whisper. 

   “What did you say?”

  “I’m not interested in blind dates anymore!” She yelled, and he covered his ears immediately. 

   “Hey! You don’t have to scream that way,”

   “I’m not interested in blind dates anymore!” She blurted. 

   “I have heard, I have heard. But why? Out of the blues? Is it going well with Miguel? He said otherwise,”

   “Is Miguel the onkg guy I know?”

   “You won’t date anyone in your class… who is he? Is he from another school?”

    “See you talk,”

    “Come on,”

    “And you? Have you gotten over Lina or you are just pretending so we can be cool,”

    “I’m simply doing the right thing. I already knew that Lina would reject me before I proposed, she has already rejected me a thousand times with her actions, but I still went ahead, affecting our friendship in the process. She couldn’t even tell us when she got hurt, and yearned for our attention. I realized that I was the one who ruined our friendship, so I should let go of whatever feelings, and embrace our friendship,”

    “Do you really think you can get over her?”

   “Maybe I’m the one who needs a blind date,”

    “Blind date? That’s uncalled for!”

    “I know. I just thought of it,”

    “Why would you go on a blind date,” she grumbled. “Can’t you get a girl yourself?”

   “I should. I should get a new girl. I’m single for  too long, but I’m kinda bored of that lately,”

    “How many ex do you have?”

    “Why ask that?”

   “Just curious,”

    “Maybe two,”

   “Maybe?”

   “Sophie, I only date for fun. My friends are all in relationships and I don’t want to be left out. But everything changed after I met Lina… why am I even saying this when I have to get over the feelings,”

    “Can you ever get over Lina?”

   “I should. I realized that Mike is not that bad of a guy, so I should respect our friendship, and get over my feelings,”

   “I’m sure you will get over her soon,” she said, and held his hand. 

   “I hope so too. Let go of me, I need to drive properly,” he said, and she jabbed his hand away in annoyance. 

   “Who wants to hold your hand?” She lashed, and he chuckled. 

    “That’s the vibe, Sophie. Don’t try to comfort me. I’m fine, really,” he said, and she scoffed. 

    “Who cares?”

   “Do you want to attend a party with me?” He asked, and her face brightened. 

    “Elites’ party! I’m all in!”

   “I bet that you will meet a lot of new friends there, and there might really be no need for a blind date in the future,” he winked, and she scoffed. 

   “Is that why you are inviting me?” She asked, and he shook his head. 

   “The party is after the mid semester exam, we all need it to clear our head. We shouod ask Lina  ad well, incase she don’t have plans. She might even  be there with Mike. That’s his type of audience,”

    “You attend parties with Mike a lot?”

   “Not with him. I met him in many parties. I might hang out with you and Lina at school, but I have a wild lifestyle. I party a lot, that’s how I met Lina, you know?”

   “I could have imagined. You met Lina at Lia’s party, but why is our conversation always lead to Lina?”

   “Hun?” He grumbled. 

   “Nothing. Just stop the car,”

    “We aren’t even there yet,”

   “I’ll call my driver from here,”

    “Will he have fixed the car?”

    “My aunty’s driver! Her house isn’t far from here!Happy now?!” She yelled. 

    “Hey, why are you so aggressive today? I will stop the car when I find a spot,” he said, and she scoffed paying full attention to her phone. 
**
**
  Ava left her suite when she realized that school it’s past school hours. She went to the parking lot and met her driver waiting for her. She entered the car, and started checking the news about her grandfather and her mother, when the strange bike pulled over in from of her car, and the driver quickly stepped on the brake. She became terrified when she remembered how Paulina was kidnapped, but she became frightened when she saw the person. She hurried out of the car immediately, before her driver could have a word with him. 

     “It’s nice meeting you again,” He said, and his lips curved in a smile.  

     “What do you want?” She blurted. 

    “It’s a good thing you still remembered me. So, can I have a word?”

   “What made you think I’ll give in to that?” She snapped. 

    “Then I’ll go to who will always be ready to listen… the media,” he sneered, and wanted to start his bike. 
*
  They both went to the closet coffee shop, and Ava tried to hide her face with his hand, but he throw his big  handkerchief her head. 

    “What the…” she almost shouted, and throw the cap away. 

    “You can use that to disguise yourself. It’s clean,” he said, and she glared at him. 

  The coffee shop started getting crowded, and she clenched her feet before using the handkerchief, and he chuckled softly. 

    “How have you been, Ava?”

    “I told you never to act like you know me, because you don’t exist in your life!”

    “But I remember telling you to disappear from my sight, because I’ll always come to you as long as you are nearby, have you forgotten our agreements?” He said, driving her to their conversation years ago, before she left the county. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK to few years ago***
*
  Ava met Leo at the place they agreed to meet. He has been stalking her for a while that she almost informed the police until he revealed that he was her father with a paternal test result to confirm it. 

  She left in disgust and he threaten to come back. She went to her mother to get clarification and met her drunk. 

    “Leo cant just return from the blues, what will happen to my baby?” Grace cried already drunk, and Ava clenched her fist at the thought that the man might be right . 

    “Stop drinking, you are spewing nonsense!” She blurted, and stormed away. 

   She went to join her father by the poolside, and he welcomed her with a smile. 

    “Dad, can I join you?”

    “No, iou can’t take alcohol,”

    “Dad… just a slip,”

    “No, young lady,” he said, and she pouted her lips. 

   “Then, you stup as well. That’s the condition!”

   “You won!” He surrendered, and left the drink. 

  A maid went to clear the drink, and she took her glass cup before the maid left. 

   “He can only be my father, I’m the Stanford’s heiress, I can’t be a b@stard,” she thought. 

  She sent the samples to a hospital through anonymous agents, and she received the results —the shock of her life. 

   “Noooooo…. Paul Stanford is the only father I  have, only him is my father. This result is worthless. I’m the Stanford’s heiress,” she cried. 

  She was still down in tears when she saw the message of Michael’s real identity, and decide to pour her anger out on him. 

   “He is an illegitimate, the piece of trash, while I’m Ava Stanford, the heiress of first group; that’s how it should it, that’s how he is. Mike is the piece of trash…” she said, trying to convince herself 

 She couldn’t share her distress with anyone, and she decided to take it out on Micheal. 

  She met up with Leo the following day, and he chuckled upon seeing her. 

   “I’m sure you have seen the results yourself,”

   “I don’t care what the results say, I can only be a Stanford!”

   “But the results reveals otherwise,”

   “What will you benefit from revealing it? I’ll lose my position as the heiress, and mum will lose her marriage. We won’t return to you, and grandpa will quietly get rid of you. Let’s settle this. The only thing you can do is protect me, that’s the only way you can be responsible,”

    “Protect you?”

   “By disappearing, because that’s the only thing you can do for me,”

    “How can I disappear?”

   “Then u will. I will leave the country, so pretend like I never existed in your life!”

   “If you disappear, then we have a deal!” He said, and she walked away. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Ava inhaled deeply, and glared at Leo when Lia and Alicia walked up to thier table. 

   “Ava, who is he?” Alicia blurted, and Ava stared at them speechlessly.  
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Ava, it’s almost over 😉
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
  📖📖CHAPTER SIXTY TWO. 6️⃣2️⃣
.
         ❣️❣️Mikey for a day❣️❣️
. 
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
 After Leo left prison years ago, he saw the news about Grace and how she is living happily with her family. Thinking it through, they were never in a relationship, he was a club escort that she grew fond of to satisfy her. When Grace got involved in a car accident while drunk driving, they pinned the blame on him and sent him to prison without trail—but he couldn’t comprehend their intentions, until he came out to hear the new of her marriage, and it collide with the time he went to prison. He thought about it all, and wondered why she had to send him to prison in order to get married when she could just cut ties with him. 

    “She is living happily with her husband, she even has a daughter now. But must she make me miserable to achieve that?” He thought, and his eyes widened in realization. “If wants to desperately get rid of me for no good reason, then there must be a secret behind it,” he thought, and did a thorough search on Grace’s family. “Her daughter, why does her daughter’s age and birthday collide with my calculations?” He pounded, and remembered seeing a pregnancy test kit in her car the last time they met. “She didn’t have a boyfriend then, could…” he gasped at the thought, and decide to find out—that could only be possible if he could access the house. 

All his attempt of entering the house prove abortive, until Ava’s 8th birthday. He applied for a part-time job, and was able to access the party, disguised as her favorite cartoon character, Daisy Duck
 
  Ava enjoyed his company a lot during the party, and he managed to lure her to a quiet place, and removed his costume (the head). 

    “Hun! What are you?” She gasped. 

   “Hi, Ava, we can still play together this way,” he said playing with her hair. 

   “Let me go!” She snapped. 

   “Ava, where are you?” She heard her Paul called out. 

    “Daddy!” She called, and ran to his direction, then Leo quickly wore back his costume (the head. 

   “Baby, where were you?” Paul asked, carrying her. 

   “Daddy, he…-“ she pointed, but stopped when she saw Leo was back in his costume. 

   “Oh, you were having fun with Daisy Duck,”

   “He is not Daisy Duck!” She yelled.

    “Honey, Ava, there you are. Father arrived with the governor, we should go welcome them,” Grace said approaching them. 

    “Let’s go, baby,” Paul said, and Ava didn’t stop goring at Leo till they left. 

     “What a happy family,” Leo thought, staring at their retreating back, and looked at the strand of her hair that he pulled. 

   He ran a parental test, which confirmed that Ava was his daughter, but he didn’t know how to use what he secured. All attempt of having a conversation with Grace proves abortive, so he started stalking Ava until she grew up, and caught him eventually. 
*
*
 Leo cleared his throat and looked at Ava who was obviously speechless, so he decide to bail her out. 

 He stood up, and went to guide Lia and Alicia from being close to her. 

    “Hey! What do you think you are doing?” Lia snapped, and Ava looked at him wondering what he was up to. 

   “Madam, are you safe with them?” Leo asked, and Alicia gasped. 

   “Safe? Who are you? Are you some lunatlc or bodyguard? Do you know who we are?” Alicia blurted, and Ava chuckled. 

    “Bodyguard…” she muttered. 

   “Ava, who is this lunatlc?” Lia blurted. 

    “Bodyguard,” Ava muttered. 

   “What did you say?” Alicia asked, and Ava composed herself. 

   “He is my bodyguard. Hey, you can wait for me outside, they are my friends,” she said, and Leo bowed slightly before leaving. 

   Ava chuckled softly, and slip from her cup of coffee, still amused with the way Leo solved the problem. 
    
   “When did you get a bodyguard?” Alicia asked. 

   “Why are you having coffee with your bodyguards? I thought you don’t associate with peasants? Don’t tell us you are being humble to him,” Lia said, obviously disgusted. 

   “It’s not bad to be generous to your underlining, but it seem weird with you,”

   “My mother hired him to closely monitor me because of her election, so I’m just trying to buy him to my side,” Ava said, and their eyes widened.

    “I knew it! There must be a resins for you to be suddenly generous to a peasant,” Lia said, and Ava chuckled. 

   “But that man kinda look familiar,” Alicia muttered.

   “In what way? He has an uncommon face,” Lia said. 

   “Have he been your bodyguard for a long time?” Alicia asked. 

   “Am I supposed to keep a record of that?” Ava blurted, and Lia gave Alicia a warning look. 

   “Who cares about a bodyguard?” Lia said, and scoffed. 

   “I’m done here!” Ava said, and left. 

   “What have you done?” Lia scolded Alicia. 

   “I really think his face looks familiar…” Alicia grumbled. 

    “Not that again!” Lia snapped. 
**
**
  Austin pulled over at a sport house where he had plans with some of his friends, he alighted from his car and saw Rae approaching him. 

   “Hi, Austin,” she waved. 

   “Who know we could meet here,”

   “I knew. Derrick told me he was inviting you,”

    “That big mouth,”

   “But I was surprised that he only invited you,”

    “Stanley had some beef with Derick, and Mike has his own business,” 

    “What of Steven? You left me the last time because of an emergency concerning Steven,”

    “Oh, I’m sorry about that,”

    “Did something really happened to him?”

   “We were able to prevent it “ 

   “So you ran out that way to rescue him from whatever…”

    “You can’t understand,”

    “I’m just impressed. You guys are really friends…”

   “What do you think we are?”

   “I don’t know. I mean… you all follow Mike around like you receive orders from him,”

   “I believe everyone with that own ways, what matter is that we are all get along, and are comfortable,” 

   “I’m kinda envious. It made me feel like I never had true friends,”

    “You can still mend that,”

    “Probably…”

   “Let’s start now. I’ll be your new friend,”

   “Friends? Can we really be friends?”

    “Do you want us to be friends with benefits? That would work too,”

    “You must be nut,”

    “We should really put all those behind us. We enjoyed the moment, that’s undeniable, but we have to get over it since we can’t be anything but friends,”

   “Ok, we should “ she said, and received his handshake. 

  He placed a kiss ok her fingers, and she jabbed her hands off immediately. 

   “Oh, I didn’t ask. Why are you here? It’s a gathering for the boys. Are you here to cheer someone? Perhaps… me?”

   “Why would I cheer for you?”

   “Then is it Derick? I never knew you two have grew closer,”

    “Yes, we have. Even more close than you think,” Derick said, approaching them. 

    “Wassup, man?” Austin greeted, and they both exchanged friendly gestures. 

    “Rae didn’t tell you, we are a couple now,”

   “What? Couple? Did your parents arranged it?”

   “That’s uncalled for. Why do they have to arrange us?”

   “Really? Since when?”

   “Since whenever. We will celebrate our 100 days anniversary, so you can count from then. Let’s go, babe,” Derick said, and wrapped his hand around her waist leading her away. 

    “100 days…” Austin thought. 

    “Aren’t you coming?” Derick shouted, waving at Austin. 
**
**
 Micheal gave Paulina a ride from school, and they stopped at the bus station. 

   “See you tomorrow,” she muttered, and wanted to alight from the car but he held her back. “What?” She grumbled. 

   “Shall we?”

   “Shall we, what?”

    “Our date. I still have the to-do list. We couldn’t do it the last time,”

    “Do you seriously want to go on a date now? With the exam fast approaching and all…”

   “Are we really dating? I feel like we have become more distant as couples than friends,” 

    “What do you mean?” 

     “You are being selfish, I feel like I’m the only one who wants to make this work,”

     “Is that being selfish?”

     “I don’t know. But lately… it feels like you are nice to everyone else but me,”

    “I don’t know, I was being mean to you. I was just sulking

    “Are you that m@d at me for ignoring your message? I told you there was an emergency,”

    “I am sorry, Mike. I think I’m being thoughtless. A lot of things have been happening since we started this whole thing,”

    “So, why don’t we put the stress aside and just have fun. We will get very busy when the mid semester exam starts,” he said, and she peck his lips, taking him by surprise. 

    “Shall we?” She asked, and he smiled. 

     “Should we start from here? We can board the bus together,” she said, and he kissed her. 

     “That peck won’t do,” he whispered in her ear, and she point at the driver. 

    “He is blind, I would’ve fired him if he wasn’t,”

   “What? How can a blindman drive?” 

    “He is only blind when necessary,” he muttered, and she scoffed. 
*
  She dragged him to the bus station until thier bus arrived, and she grabbed his hand dragging him in. 

    “Where are we to seat here?” He grumbled, and she started looking for a seat. 

   “There, over there, there is a seat,” she said, and dragged him to the seat. 

   “There is just a single seat,” he said, and she sat on the seat. 

   “Where am I supposed to seat?” He asked. 

    “You will stand, like the others,” she said, and pointed at the people entering the bus. 

   “What? Am I supposed to stand?” He shouted,‘and everyone attention drawn on him. 

   👤”Who is he? He is so handsome,”
   👤”Oh… I’m so envious of her,”
   👤”Is he her boyfriend?”
   👤Why does he look familiar?”

  Few teenagers on the bus grumbled, and Michael chuckled. 

   “Are you excited over that?” Paulina grumbled. 

   “What? Are you upset? It’s not my fault that I stand out a lot,” he bragged, and she scoffed. 

  The bus entered a pot hole, and Mike screamed pulling the hair of the man standing in front of him. 

    “This is so embarrassing,” Paulina mumbled. 

    “That was so scary,” Micheal said, and everyone started teasing him. 

   👤”He is just handsome, but timid,” a girl muttered, and few people started agreeing with him. 

   “Mike, you should seat,” Paulina said, and stood up. 

   “Why will you stand for me to seat?”

   “There are few bulbs on our way, are you sure you are going to be fine?” 

   “Come on, I was just taken off guard earlier. That doesn’t mean I am sca-…” he was saying, but he fell on the woman behind him when the bus passed a bulb. 

    “My goodness…” the woman screamed, and pushed him away. 

   “I am sorry, I’m sorry,” Paulina apologized, and started ticking her lips. 
*
  Mike bend down beside her, and bowed his head on her laps till they arrived at their designated bus station. 

   Mike wobbled on his feet behind her, and she glared at him in anger but he quickly looked away. 

    “Really, Mike. How can you embarrass me that much? Have you never board a bus before?” She lashed, and he shook his head. “Never?” 

   “Never! This is my first, and the last!” He blurted. 

   “Did you just raised your voice at me after embarrassing me that much? She shouted, and he shook his head. 

   “I’m sorry…”

   “Where do we go from here? The date is ruined,” she said, and he surprised her with an embrace. 

   “No, we just started,” he whispered, and she smiled. 
*
 He called his secretary who went to pick them up and drove them to a shopping mall.  

  They bought few things, and changed into comfortable clothing before heading to the amusement park. 

   “Why do you prefer it with people around? It’s so  noisy,” he complained. 

   “Because having people around makes it ordinary. I just want an ordinary date. Not an elites’ girlfriend date. Will you be Mikey today?”

   “Gosh… I hate that name so much… but I love it when I hear it from you,” he said, and she  chuckled. 

   “Do you want to know the truth behind that name?“

   “You said it had to do with some syllables…”

   “That was a half the truth,”

   “Then what is the real truth?”

     “The truth was… that was the name of my neighbor’s dog, I was so fond of the dog but they relocated,”

   “What? So you see me as a dog?”

   “I know it will upset you. You don’t even know the reason I call you that, but you hate it so much,”

   “I loathe it because it sounds like a puppies name!” He snapped. 

   “But at least you love hearing it from me,” she teased. “Mikey, Mikey, Mikey,” she called, running off and he ran after her. 
*
  They had fun at the amusement park, and walked along the street holding hands, licking ice-cream. 

   “It’s indeed an ordinary date,” he muttered, and she smiled. 

   “The sun already sets out,”

   “Yeah, the day is coming to an end… but I wish we would be like this forever,”

    “So, shall we stop time?” She teased, and he chuckled. 

    “I wish we could,”

    “I have an idea,”

    “What? Is there some sort of magic?”

    “I’ll take you to where time doesn’t exist,”

     “Do such place exist?” He gasped.  
*
   They went to an arcade and spent all day there, before calling it a day at the field, staring at the night sky. 

    “I didn’t see you bodyguard around,”

    “He is, he has been following us,”

    “You don’t mean it. Where is he?”

    “Over there,” she said, and pointed at Don who was standing far from them. 

    “Oh… he is really doing his job,” he grumbled. 

    “The sky is so beautiful, but the moon isn’t even out yet,” she whined. 

   “Lina, is there something you are supposed to tell me, but you are holding back?”

   “What?”

  “Nothing, I just feel there is something you aren’t telling me,” 

   “What?” She muttered, and started thinking. “Wait! Don’t tell me this is about Sage,”

     “What nonsense? Is there something about him that I need to know,”

    “Nothing. But you acted so indifferent today,”

   “I was just trying to be get along with him because you were with him. And I don’t think he is such a bad guy,”

    “I told you before, sage is a good person,”

     “Accepted, but don’t ever hang out with  alone. I am just trying to get along with him because so we should always be together when we you want to hang out with him. Or hang out with him in company of that talkative friend of yours,” he said, and she chuckled. 

    “Let’s see how it goes,”

    “You can’t even promise me?” 

   “Mike, if it wasn’t about Sage, what do you think I was hiding from you?” She asked, and he shook his head. 

   “Nothing,” he muttered. 

    “What do you mean nothing,”

    “I just wanted to ask the secret behind your beauty,”

    “What? That’s uncalled for!”

    “All the students are worried about the coming exam, but you are looking extravagantly beautiful effortlessly,” he said, flattering her. 

    “You are lnsane, Mike, totally!” She teased, and laid flat on the green grass. 

    He wanted to ask her why she hid her identity as a Stanford from him, but he thought against it.   
   “ I shouldn’t push it. There must be a reason why she is hiding it, I just have to wait for her to feel comfortable to share it,” he thought 
**
**
   HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Austin and Steven arrived at school, and were both walking down the hallway when they saw students gathered around. 

    “What’s going on? Did we missed something?” Austin wondered, and Steven gasped staring at his phone. 

    “Stanley’s parents are getting a divorce,” Steven said, and Austin collected the phone from him. 

    “Unbelievable!” He exclaimed. 

    “We’ve to rescue Stanley from them,” Steven said. 

   “Yes, we should,” Austin muttered, and they both hurried to the scene. 

   The students stopped upon seeing them, and they both hurried to stanley. 

    “He refuse to answer our questions, so do you mind answering for him?” One of the students asked, and they started throwing the questions at them. 

    “What’s the commotion about?!” Micheal yelled joining them. 

    “Mike, are you also aware of it? Is the news real?” One of the students asked. 

  “Who cares? It’s for the adults to handle. If you have time for these, you should go prepare for the coming exam. The education system here is a little negligence to mid semester exam, but I am working on that lately, so seat up tight; the exam might be what will guarantee your access in this school next semester, and not your parents influence!” He blurted, and they all gasped, with that, they dismissed. 

    “Stan, what happened?” Austin asked worriedly. 

    “Stan, are you ok?” Micheal muttered, and held his hand. “We should leave,” he added, and they all went to thier suite. 
*
  Austin started bombarding Stanley with questions, and Stanley exhaled heavily. 

   “I apologize that you all have to find out about my family flaws this way. The news is true, my parents are getting a divorce!”

   “What? How could that be?” Austin inquired. 

   “My family was never the perfect family you all assumed… so they decide to call it quit,”

   “Couldn’t they think about you? What will happen to you when they divorce? This is cr@zy!” Austin lashed. 

   “I urged my mum to get the divorce “

   “What?” They all shouted. 

    “Have you lost it?” Austin lashed. 

   “Was the situation that bad?” Micheal asked, and Stanley nodded. 

    “Yes, it was as bad to urge my mum to get the divorce… and I announced it to the media so she won’t change her mind,” he muttered, and tears slid down his face. 

  His friends gasped seeing him that way. They have been friends for over a decade, but they have never seen his at his weakest. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Hmmmm…
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
  📖📖CHAPTER SIXTY THREE. 6️⃣3️⃣
.
     ❣️❣️divorce to find happiness❣️❣️
. 
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
 A night before the divorce new was released, Stanley was in his room enjoying the company of his phone when a message beeped in from Jessica. 
  💬*mind to grab a drink with me? I have a problem to solve* the message reads, and he replied immediately before rushing to freshen up. 

 He clad in one of his best evening clothes, and left his room when he was satisfied with his look. 

 He was heading out when his mother called out to him. 

    “Party night?” She shouted. 

   “No, mum. I’m meeting someone,”

   “Will you be back before dinner?”

    “Don’t wait for me. I don’t wish to be back early,” he muttered, and smiled. 

    “Take care! Have fun! Love, love,”

   “Love yoy more,” with that he blew her a kiss, and hurried out. 
*
 He arrived at the resort she asked them to meet, and was surprised to see the whole resort was reserved for them. 

   “Hi, Stan. You really came,” she said, and he smiled. 

   “I told you I’ll come,”

   “Of course,”

    “Where is the math problem?” He asked, and she held his hand. 

   “I never said it was a meth problem,” she muttered, and dragged her seat to be next to his. 

   “The what’s it? Do you want me to hack a device for you? Everyone knows how good I am in that aspect,”

    “Then can you hack into human heart as well?” She asked, and he almost choked on his saliva. 

    “What are you saying? What’s the problem?”

    “You!”    
   
     “Me? How am I the problem?”

     “Why did you lead me on when you have no intention of asking me out? This is crazy, I know. But why couldn’t I stop thinking about it since that day!” She said, and his eyes widened. 

     “Mum was right,” he muttered, in a whisper. 

    “What did you say?”

     “It wasn’t a green light… you like me too. But why me?” 

     “What?”

    “I like you, but I’m not confident enough to ask you out because I don’t want to be added to your rejection list, but you kept giving me green light, and confusing me at a time. You crushed on Mike since middle school, and was heartbroken when he dated Ava, you rejected many guys at school, and so many more. So why me? I thought you loathe me. What changed?”

  “I don’t know! You are right! I hate you, I hate you so much that I wish I could drag you out of school. I have never lost in a competition, but I keep losing to you. I can never beat you in math and that made me hate you so much. I was tutored by the best private tutors  I just it all my best… but I still lose to you. It disgusts me! But while hating you… I found myself admiring your intelligence. You never tired too hard, but you got it all. I started admiring you for being a genius, and in the process, I hated myself. I refuse to accept you to the math club because I can’t stand to be belittled by you, the other members will also feel inferior to their knowledge, so I decline all your requests. I got tired of hating myself… no matter how good I am, I can never beat you… so must I like you? I don’t want to… I wasn’t interested in dating anyone, I crushed on Mike for so long but he ended up with Ava, so those stuffs became worthless to me. We are just teenagers after all, no one knows what the future will be. I might like you now, but once we breakup, we can’t even be friends, I will have to hate you, so I rather not waste my time on things like that. Because of that, I never consider dating, I prefer having friends to being in a relationship. But why? Why can’t I maintain that principle with you? Why do I have do like you while hating you?” She blabbered, and he kissed her. 

   “I like you, Jess. I have liked you even when you were cyrhsung on Mike. Your determination to beat me, your courage, your charisma. I like the way you reject the others, I like the way you held up to your principles, I like it. I have been crushing on you for a long time, but I never had the courage. I know I’m not fit do you, so rejecting me would really make me berate myself. You are right, we don’t know what the future has in stock, we might break up and become more distant than strangers, but why worry about that when we are the restless because of our feelings. Let’s only think about the future we want, and not the unpleasant part,”

    “Even if you become enemies later? Even when it end up failing and we have to pretend like we don’t know each other?”

    “Jessica, I am not good enough, I have been in several relationships for fun, but this time, I really want to be with the one I truly like even if we might lose interest in the whole thing later, and call it quit. But we should still share beautiful moments together while we can. Will you be my girl?” He said, and she smiled. 

    “While we can… let’s share beautiful moments together, don’t let us worry about the unpleasant things that might happen in the future, I will be your girl,” she said, and he embraced her. 
*
 They sat down by the poolside Witt thier legs in the water talking about random stuffs, when she mentioned her father. 

    “Are you going tell him we are dating?” He asked. 

   “Of course I don’t hide anything from my father,”

   “What? Should I be scared?”

    “Just be yourself. My father is nice to me, but not to others,”

    “Now, that’s really scared me,”

    “You are my first boyfriend, so I don’t know how my father would react to the news. His 18-year-old daughter finally decide to date. Will it be a pleasant news? I don’t know. My father is really unpredictable,”

    “What if he ask us to breakup?”

    “Then we will,”

    “What? We just started dating, and you could boldly say that…”

    “I always listen to my father, because he understands me well even more than I understand myself. If he ask us to breakup, then his reasons must be for my best interest, so why won’t I?”

    “Gosh. Sounds like your father is the only one that can keep this relationship, so I should be nicer to him instead,” he whined, and she chuckled. 

    “Wanna swim?”

    “When the water is this cold? No, I’ll pass,”

   “It’s best to swim when the water is cold. It’s comforting,” she said, and pulled him into the pool. 
*
  Stanley gave Jessica a ride home safely, before heading home as well, and he couldn’t help his excitement as he drove. 

   “No, I shouldn’t share it in the group, I should flaunt it to their faces.  Austin… get ready for me,” he giggled,

  He drove closer to his house, and his phone started giving a signal. 

    “Dad, is home. Mum!” He thought, and speed up the car. 

  He hurried inside, but didn’t see his mother anywhere in the living room, neither the  dinning room, so he hurried to her room. 

 He slammed the door opened, and met his mother in the pool of blood. 

   “Mum, mum,” he cried, hitting her to get up. 
*
  He called her personal doctor later, and the doctor left after she woke up. 

   “How long must we do this, mum?”  

   “Baby… I’m sorry,”

   “Why won’t you just leave him! I told you to get a divorce, don’t worry about me and get out of this shlt why won’t you listen? Must I live this way? Must I always see you get hurt?” 

   “Stanley…. I’m sorry…”

    “That won’t do, mum! I’m tired. I get scared when dad is around, I can’t even take you to the hospital when he does this to you, I…” he cried, and she wiped his tears with her palm unable to control her tears. 

    “I’m sorry… son,”

 He jabbed her hands off, and stood up. “Enough, mum! If you won’t leave him, then I will leave. I am tired of watching you suffering!” With that, he stormed out of the room. 

    “Stanley, son…” she called after him. 

 He went to his father’s living room, there he was watching TV.  

   “You m0nster. How can you be so relaxed after doing that to her,” he muttered, within clenched fists. 

   “Not now, boy. Come back to whine later, I’m enjoying the news,” chairman Hewlett said. 

   “The nerve of you!” Stanley yelled, bouncing on him. 

  Chairman Hewletf got angry, and pushed him to the floor, before hitting the table on him. 

   “Noooooo… not my son,” his mother shouted running towards them. “No, please stop. I’m going to call the police if you don’t,” she pleaded. 

   “So annoying,” chairman Hewlett grumbled, before leaving. 

    “Son, are you ok? Did you get hurt?”

    “The won’t end anyways. Either of us has to dle for it to end. You won’t divorce him because of me, so when I dle, you will be free, or you will be free yourself once you are gone. It can only work either way,”

    “The divorce, let’s do it,”

    “Really, mum? You are going to divorce him for real? You won’t change your mind?” 

   “I can bear anything, son, but I can’t bear seeing you hurt. Let me… are you sure you are fine?”

   “Don’t worry about me more. I’m energized by the news. I already got a divorce attorney, I will call him now to send over the divorce papers “

    “What? How long have you been working on that?” 

   “The day you promised me to think about it,”

   “Oh, son…” she muttered, touching his face. 

    “I will call him to send it over right away, so you can’t change your mind “

    “It’s already late,”

   “I had an agreement with him, he already prepared the paperwork, I told him I can request for it even at midnight, and he gave in,”

    “Oh my goodness…”
*
  The lawyer sent over the divorce papers, and Mrs. Hewlett hesitated looking at were to sign. 

   “You promise me, mum,”

   “We will really lose everything, son,”

   “That’s the last way out. We either lose everything, or either of our live,” 

   “You are right, son. We have to live,” she said, and signed it. “How will I talk to your father about this?”

   “Leave the rest to me, mum. I will take care of dad myself,”

    “How do you plan to do it? He will be against this,”

    “Don’t let us worry about the unpleasant future. This is the happiest day of my life, mum. You will be free from dad, and I’ll be able to protect you,” he said, and embraced her. 

    “I’m sorry for being such an incompetent mother,”

   “That’s why I will protect you instead. It’s still win-win,” he stated, and she smiled. 
*
 He went to his room later, thinking of a way to persuade his father and also ensure his mother won’t change her mind. 

  He looked at the paper, and an idea came to his mind. He smiled, and snapped the paper, and sent it anonymously to a reporter . 
  💬*The Hewlett’s family are falling apart* 

  He exhaled heavily, and closed his laptop before lying flat on his bed. 

   “Yes, that’s a brave step,” he muttered, covering himself up with the blanket. 
*
 He left home the following day after checking up on his mother, he got to school and the students started bombarding him with questions, until his friends rescued him. 
*
  They managed to calm him down, and he looked away in embarrassment. 

   “Who cares if your parent’s marriage falls apart? As long as you are still Stanley, we will always support you,” Micheal said. 

   “Yes, bro, Mike is right. We will always support you, not as friends, but brothers. You still have another family, man. We, MASS!” Austin said, and embraced him. 

   “Stip being clingy,” Stanley said, and pushed Austin away. 

   “Hey, did you take a picture of Stanley’s face earlier? I was so stunned that I didn’t even think of the camera,” Austin said. 

    “Austin will surely tease you forever with this,” Steven said, showing them the picture he took. 

   “Wow. You took a picture,” Austin gasped. 

   “Delete that now!” Stanley shouted, aiming to get the phone hit Steven ran off. 

  The three of them started running about, and mifheal shook his head. 

   “I’m literally raising three teenagers,” he grumbled. 
*
  They relent later, when Micheal invited them to play a game. 

   “Mike, you said something in the hallway. Are you serious about it? Austin asked, and Micheal looked at him confused. 

   “I said a lot of things,”

   “I’m sure it’s the part concerning the exam,” Stanley muttered, and Austin nodded. 

   “Our genius knows everything,” Austin hailed. 

   “What about the exam?” Mifheal asked knowingly. 

   “That our exam will determine if we can attend the school next semester. That’s really uncalled for, can we still be friends even if I change school? Or, will there be exemptions for the MASS at least,” he said, and they all laughed. 

   “Are you seriously worried about that?” Micheal teased. 

   “Why shouldn’t I? I stopped studying the moment mh parents cut me some slack “

   “Then you should study harder henceforth,”

   “What? Were you serious about it? Suddenly imposing that is abuse of power!”

    “And what you are doing now is abuse to education! Students are supposed to study for exams “

   “What about you? Have you ever studied before?”

   “Me? I’m not just a student, I am the director,” Micheal said, and winked before leaving. 

   “Gosh. Stan, so you think he meant that?” Austin asked. 

   “Go ask him, and don’t distract me from my game!” Stanley snapped. 

   “Yeah, yiy will do well anyways. I am the only one bothered here. Mike, the schools need a director, and the school also needs talented athletes like me. If I have to transfer schools, it would be your loss!”

   “Not transfer, but drop out!” Mifheal shouted, from his study. 

   “Am I finally at my brink? My parents will really disown me this time,” he whined, and Stanley laughed. 
**
**
   MR. ALEXANDER’S (Alicia’s father) CAMPAIGN SITE^^^
^
  Mr. Alexander was on the phone with someone, and he dropped the call later for attend to his campaign manager. 

   “Any news?”

   “Mr. Packard is trying to get Mr. Narson to represent him in court. The first hearing is before the election, if Mr. Narson shows up in court, that simply means Mr. Packard will be find innocent; his daughter is also the judge in charge,” 

   “That won’t be good. We have to drag those Packard’s down before that happens,”

   “I’m working on it, mayor. There is something you should know, it’s not certain yet but it could be,”

   “What?”

   “Leo met up with Ava, the ex-convict that was in the article with Mrs. Stanford, the person we put up to tail Ava reported that there might be something fishy,”

    “How far have you gone? The election is behind the corners,”

    “Just until Mrs. Stanford get married, she was still in touch with Leo, her favorite escort. She sent Leo to prison and married chairman Stanford, then she gave birth. When I asked a medical expert to calculate it, if Mrs. Stanford didn’t get involved with her husband before marriage, Ava might likely not be his child,”

   “Then Ava is a bast@rd!” Mr. Alexander exclaimed. 

   “Bingo!”

   “This is news,”

   “But we have to prove it,”

   “Sir, one of our men got in a fight with Leo, and got his hair sample, but it would be difficult with Ava,”

   “Getting Ava hair sample… that should be a piece of cake,” Mr. Alexander muttered, smiling brightly. “This is your end, Grace, you have your father will hit rock bottom together, and I’ll become the mayor over you,” he thought, in excitement. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  The Packard’s are done for…😁
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER SIXTY FOUR. 6️⃣4️⃣
.
       ❣️❣️The nightmare ❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
 Paulina sat on the rooftop with Sophia, they finished having lunch, and Sophia started talking about Stanley. 

   “Do you think the news is true? You are close to him, so you should know,” Sophia said. 

   “Who knows… I wonder if he is doing ok,”

   “How will be? His family is falling apart, how would he be ok?” 

     “Why didn’t Sage join us, you said you will inform him yourself,”

     “That m0ron,” Sophia grumbled, rolling her eyes. 

    “Did you two fought?”

   “I wish we did!” She yelled. 

    “Hey! Why are you raising your voice? Did something happen happened between you two?”

    “I don’t know, Lina. This has never happened to me in my live before, I don’t know, I don’t even know how to handle it,” she cried. 

    “Hey, why are you suddenly crying?”

    “Lina, can you really be friends with Sage? Like… just friends? He confessed to you, and you rejected him, he was really heartbroken when you did, but now he is trying to act cool… he is trying to get over you. Do you think it’s possible?” Sophia asked, and Paulina looked away. 

    “Why are you asking me this,”

    “Just because… because I am curious, I was wondering if you two can really be friends if our friendship won’t fall apart again,”

    “You should be asking Sage that instead,” 

    “Yes, you are right… but… how about you? Do you see the friendship working? Can you be alone with Sage in a room, a dark one… and locked up together?” She asked, and Paulina hit her. 

    “Hey! Why should I locked up in a dark room?”

   “Ok, let’s say it’s not dark… there is visible dim light,”

   “Stop it, Sophie. Stop whatever you are imagining. Even sibling of opposite gender don’t share a room, so why would I be in a dim light room with Sage? Are you trying to traumatize me? Did you forgot that I was once locked up?”

   “Oh… babe, I’m sorry, I have forgotten that,”

   “That’s enough. Amend whatever conspired between you two yourselves! I am nit getting involved anymore,” she shouted. 

    “Are you angry?”

   “Being locked up in a room…” she grumbled, with clenched teeth. 

   “I’m sorry, ok? What can I do? I don’t know what’s wrong with me? This has never happened before! How do I control it? I feel like I am going lnsane…” she screamed. 

    “What? What can’t you control? You share it and know if I can be of help. That’s what friends are for!” Paulina blurted. 

   “Paulina… what do I do?” Sophia cried, and embraced her. 

   “What? What really happened?” 

   “I think I like Sage,” she muttered, and Paulina pushed her away immediately. 

    “What?” Paulina exclaimed, in disbelief while Sophia was unable to control her tears. 
**
**
  Stanley left first when school dismissed, heading to the parking lot when Jessica approached him in the hallway. 

   “Are you ignoring me? Or what’s this supposed to mean?” She blurted, glaring at him. 

   “I’m sorry, Jess “

    “Sorry? Is that your excuse for ignoring my messages, and didn’t even care to look at me at school. What’s this exactly? Is this how relationships supposed to be?”

     “Let’s breakup “ he muttered, and her eyes widened agape. 

     “Did I mishear you?”

    “Let’s breakup, Jess. You also saw the article… it’s real. My family is falling apart. I will be a taint to you, and I don’t want that. We can’t be together, so let’s just end it,” he said, and walked past her. 

    “I am really going to lose it this time!” She yelled, and he stopped on his track to look at her. “What? Breakup? Is that how you end things with your ex? I’m different from them, Stan. I am  Jessica Lockwood, the heiress of Haven group, you can’t mess with me!” She blurted, and walked past him. 

   “Gosh, I should’ve known better. How can I think of dating the heiress of Haven group, when I already lose everything?” He thought, staring at her retreating back. 
*
 He pulled over at his father’s hotel, and his phone signaled him that his father was there. He stepped out of the car, and looked around, he can’t remember the last time he was there, probably when he was a toddler. 

 He headed to his father’s office, and the head secretary informed his father of his presence, before letting him in. 

   “Are you that impatient, that you came all the way you to ask for mercy?” Chairman Hewlett teased. 

   “I came here to persuade you to let mum go,” 

   “Why would I? I didn’t ask to marry her, she was given to me, so why should I let her go? I made a vow… till d£ath separate us,”

    “Is that why you want to klll her?”
       
    “Stanley, I will brung down that article, and sue the reporter that started it to confirm its source, and I’ll call a press conference, your mother and I will set things straight. Worry not, everything will be sorted soon,” 

    “Have you lost it?” Stanley lashed, hitting the table. 

   “Not here, young man,”

   “If you won’t let her go quietly, I will file a divorce lawsuit against you,”

   “Go ahead and waste your time. Do you think you can beat me?”

   “Who am I to think of beating you? Instead, I’ll crumble you down, destroying that public image you uphold so much,”

   “Do your worst. File your lawsuit, and I’ll file a counter lawsuit for damages 

   “I’ll file the divorce lawsuit against you, and you will hire all the best divorce attorneys to represent you in court, you might not even show up in court, and end up winning, but I won’t let that happen,”

    “So you want the divorce so badly? Your mother won’t get anything if we separate,”

   “Just leave her quietly, and don’t stir up things. Mum and I don’t care about your asset, just let her go,”

   “They call you a genius, although it has no use to me, but I’m alway proud when people hall me for rasping a genius. So let’s see how you will make your mother a free woman. Prove to me that you are indeed a genius, let’s see how your mother will win the lawsuit you plan to file,”

   “I’m not planning to do this because it will also tarnish my Image, incase you don’t know, you aren’t the only one who has an image to protect,” Stanley said. 

    “Give it your best try,”

   Stanley chuckled and scrolled through his phone, and a message beeped into his father’s phone. 

   “Check your phone. I just sent you how I plan to crumble you,” he said, and his father chuckled before checking his phone. 

  His eyes widened after seeing the message—there were videos of him hitting his wife, and making out with other women.   

  His hands trembled in fear, as he looked at Stanley. “How… how did you get these?”

   “Who knows… you destroyed all the cctv cameras at home, and I even have videos of you with other women, how did I get them? Let’s say your genius son is at work. I have been preparing this for a while, and I’m glad to be able to shake you up ,”

   “Do you plan to win the lawsuit with this?”

   “No, I’ll send it to the media, now that our family is the top search. First, the billionaire divorce, second, Hewlett falling apart, third, chairman Hewlett family,”

    “Don’t try anything funny!”

   “I also don’t want to, I want you to leave mum as quiet as possible, but you are pushing me. I don’t know much about your company, but I’m sure you are going to lose a big deal of investment if this breakout either you divorce mum or not. I’ll crumble you, and you will wish you divorced her instead,” 

   “Bring the d@rm paper!” He yelled, and Stanley chuckled, handling the divorce paper to him. 

  He signed without hesitation, and Stanley smiled in relief. 

    “This means a lot, dad,”

    “Are you sure about this? You are really going to lose the life you are used to. You will become a peasant the moment you leave with your mother, even your friends won’t acknowledge you anymore,”

   “Who cares? It’s better than living a miserable life as your son,”

    “We both have something in common you know… The parking lot is very wide because we both love luxurious rides. Can you live without that? This is a piece of paper, I can tear it now, if you plead for mercy,”

   “I love luxurious rides… I admit, I can’t imagine living as a peasant, I can’t imagine being broke, but the more I think about it, I can trade it all to be free from a m0nster!” He blurted, and chairman Hewlett hit the table. 

   “You made your choice, there will be no mercy even if you plead now. Those videos, I want them deleted,”

   “I have no use for them, I was also hoping you sign this so I won’t have to embarrass my not-so-good family to the world,” 

    “I’ll never acknowledge you as my son again,”
    
   “I stopped acknowledging you as my father the first time I saw you hit mum,”

   “From now on, you won’t have access to any of your cards,”

  Stanley chuckled and dropped the credit cards with him. 
   “You don’t have to block them, I’ll give it up. They were useful while they last,” 

    “The car key, that phone, you got that with my money, even that necklace around your neck. Give it up now!”

    “I might end up leaving here n@ked, so allow me leave with my uniform at least,” with that, he dropped the car key, his phone and jewelries before leaving. 
*
  He went out and started thinking of how to borrow a phone to call Austin  to come pick him up when he felt someone tap him, he spun around, and was surprised to see Jessica. 

    “Are you ok?” She asked. 

    “Am I ok?” He asked back fighting back tears, and she embraced him. 

   “Everything will be fine. Don’t stress over your family’s problems. Let the adults handle their own affairs,” she stated, patting his back. 
**
**
  MR. ALEXANDER’S MANSION^^^
^
 Alicia picked on her food, and exhaled heavily. Having a meal with her parents have always been hectic because all they do is talk about the election. 

   “Alicia, do you see the man around Ava often?” Mr. Alexander asked, showing her a picture of Leo. 

   “You asked me to stop hanging out with her, so how would I know?” She grumbled. 

    “Take a closer look, you might have seen him around since you still hang out with her,” he said, and she looked at him before looking at the picture. 

    “Isn’t this her bodyguard,” she muttered. 

   “What bodyguard? How can Leo be her bodyguard?” 

   “How do you know him?” Alicia asked. 

    “Honey, is there something about him?” 

    “He is the man in the scandal with Grace,” he said, and Alicia picked up the picture immediately. 

    “No wonder he looked familiar,” she muttered. 

    “Alicia, you havw to do something for me. This time, I really need the favor. I know you care less about my election, but I beg you to make this contribution,”

   “Dad, I can’t abandon my friend because of your election!”

    “Even if I lose to her mother?”

   “Dad, you also have zero confidence, so how will my being friends with Ava be the obstacle to your election!”

    “Alicia!” Mrs. Alexander cautioned. 

    “What if there is something that can guarantee the success, would you do it?”

    “What?”

   “Ava’s hair sample, I want you to get it for me by tomorrow,”

    “Why do you need that?” Alicia blurted. 

   “Honey, what’s this about?” 

    “I need to verify something before the election,” he muttered, and Alicia rolled her eyes. 
**
**
  Stanley managed to relax after spending all day with Jessica, and she offered him a ride home. 

   “Thank you so much for today, I was stranded back there, and needed comfort. Thank you for being there,”

    “After you tried to break us up when our relationship isn’t even up to 24 hours,” she said, rolling her eyes. 

    “Are you going to keep on sulking over that?” 

   “You call this sulking?!” She yelled, and he kissed her. 

    “Thank you for taking me back,” he muttered, in a high whisper. 

    “Never try to do it again, because there might not be a second chance!”

    “I understand,” he said, and kissed her before alighting from the car 

  He went in and was surprised to see his mother by the gate. 

    “Mum, were you waiting for me? It’s cold, you should be inside,”

    “What happened between you and your father?”

   “Nothing to be worried about. I get him to sign the papers, the annulment can be completed now,”

    “Really?” She asked, a little down. 

   “I know what you are thinking, mum, but you shouldn’t worry about it. As long as you fine, I’ll be fine too,”

     “I have been waiting here since noon,”

   “What happened?”

    “Your father sent his secretary to escort me out,”

    “What? Then you should have call…- opps, I don’t have my phone,”

    “He collected mine as well. We are denied access in. What do we do, son?”

    “I thought we were prepared for this, but I was wrong. He didn’t even let the divorce be finalized before taking this step. It’s fine, mum, we should leave. I will file a petition go get my school belongings later. We should leave for now,” he said, and held her hand, giving her a reassuring smile. 
**
**
  Ava arrived at school, and the few people at the parking lot pointed fingers at her, she ignored them wondering what was going on when she saw Lia, Alicia, and Rae together. 

    “Look at the loser we have here. Remember, I told you Ava, you are not a queen if your mother lose to Alicia’s father!” Rae blurted. 

     “What nonsense?”

    “You could still talk? If I were you, I would hid face in shame!” Alicia added. 

    “How dare-…”

   “A fans can never be real! Lia blurted, and they all left. 

    “What are they talking about?” She thought, and took her phone to check if someone was up about her, but someone pulled the phone from her. 

  She looked up in anger, and was surprised to see herself surrounded. 

👤”you were fake, and dares to call yourself a queen?”
👤”you were fake and dares to break Mike’s heart?”
👤”you were fake all along, shame on you!”
👤”get out of our school, b@stard!” 

  The students yelled, and started throwing things at her. 

   “Enough!” She heard Micheal shout, and they all composed themselves. 

   “Is he here to rescue me from them?” She thought. 

   “You all don’t have the right torture here, only the real Stanford can!” He blurted. 

👤”the real Stanford?”
👤”is there another Stanford heiress?
👤”who is the real Stanford?”

    “She!” Micheal muttered, and Ava shook her head. 

  “No, I’m the only Stanford, no, I’m not a fake. Nooooo….” She screamed, and sat up from bed immediately. 
*
 She started panting heavily, and began to sweat. She opened her window to look outside, and saw her father in the garden. 

   “He is my father, only him…  I don’t have another father, I’m the only heiress,” she muttered, sniffing in tears. 
*
  She joined Paul later in the garden, and he spun around surprised to see her. 

   “Ava, you are still up,” he said, and she embraced him. 
 
   “Dad… when I was younger, I always run to you whenever I have a nightmare, you were the only one that can scare away my nightmares, and comfort me to sleep comfortably, but what if my whole life crumble into a nightmare, will be you able to protect me?” She cried, and he disengaged to look at her. 

    “Ava, you are my daughter, and I will always protect you,” he assured. 

    “Dad, you have to keep your promise, ok? Never forget this promise you made to me,”

   “Did something happened? What’s making you this way?”

    “Dad, you will always be my father, and I will always be your daughter,” she muttered, and embraced him. 

    “Yes, my love. You know how much I love you. You will always be my little princess,” he said, patting her back gently. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Ava… Dey play 😏
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER SIXTY FIVE. 6️⃣5️⃣
.
      ❣️❣️Error Blood Type ❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Alicia went to school early the following day and headed straight to Ava’s suite, thankfully she didn’t change the passcode. 

 She exhaled heavily as she looked around. 

  “What am I doing now?” She thought. 

  She made a fist, and turned around to leave but she retreated, remembering how Ava always insult them, and Rae words the other day. 

   “Yes, she is too fo0l of herself, and she won’t be a queen anymore if her mother lose to my father,” she muttered in determination. 

  She went to the dressing room, and started checking all the brush hoping to get Ava’s sample, when she heard footsteps approaching her. She flinched in fear, and turned to see Ava. 

    “What are you doing?” Ava muttered, and she tried hard not to panic. 

   “Not..not… not- nothing. Can’t I come here again?” She shuddered, and Ava chuckled. 

    “Of course you can, I never said you can’t. But are you doing right now?” Ava asked, her voice intimidating as she walked closer to Alicia. Each step she took closer, Alicia back in fear. 

  Alicia mustered up courage, and so what she least expected —she slapped Ava. 

   “How dare you?” Ava yelled, and hit her back, with that they both combat in a fight, pulling each other hair. 

  Alicia succeed in pushing Ava away, and ran out of the suite. She ran to the elevator, and managed to breathe properly, looking at the hair sample she got. 

   “I hope this worth the fight. Whatever string you are trying to pull dad, I hope it worth it,” she muttered, and knelt it safe in her bag. 
**
**
   The MASS sat together in thier suite, listening to Stanley in bewilderment, as he shared his predicaments. 

   “Unbelievable! Your parent’s divorce will be finalized, and your father seized everything from you? Your cards, cars, phone, everything? And your mother won’t even receive alimony! How are you going to survive if you live with your mother?” Austin stated, in disbelief. 

   “I admit, I was envious of your family, I thought your parents were doing great and loved you wholeheartedly. But your father is just a piece of trash,” Micheal grumbled. 

   “He is not a piece of trash,” Stanley muttered. 

   “Don’t tell me you are taking his side! You and your mother will be left with nothing, how will you be able to survive? How will you live? Those rides that you cherish so much, the scooter you want us to buy, the jet we dream of getting in the future, how will we get all of that when you are broke? You will become a peasant in day light, and others will tease you for your families predicaments. And you dare to defend him? Will you choose him instead?” Austin yelled. 

    “He is a m0nster,” Stanley muttered with clenched fist, trying to control himself from breaking down. 

    “Who dares to tease you when you are one of the MASS?” Micheal blurted, and they all looked at him. “Your family might fall apart, your mother might leave with nothing, but nobody said you have to live miserable. How will you survive? New models of cars are out, your power bike is already out of date, Roy will get them soon, how will you survive without them? Without the live you are used to? You can’t persuade your parents to be together, you can’t live with your m0nster father, but you can’t be a MASS and be broke. We are friends, because we are elites’, but we gradually became more than friends, and now we are a family, we have to look after each other,” Michael said, and dropped his card. 

    “What…” Stanley shuddered. 

   “I can’t let my brother be broke, it will be a taint to our family. Use that, it’s a black card. You know I got a lot of that,”

    “Mike…” 

    “Will you rather abandon us?” Micheal asked. 

     “Are you sure this is not a disabled card?” Stanley blurted, and they all laughed. 

    “Don’t take it if you don’t want to!” Micheal snapped, and wanted to take it back, but Stanley was quick to grab it. 

    “Give it back to him if he is gonna be that way, and use mine!” Austin said, and dropped his card.  

    “Hey! How many do you have? Your parents might block it when they get angry at you, but I, I am the director, so choose wisely,” Micheal said. 

    “Who said this is from my parents? My brother-in-law gave this to me. I might not get along with my eldest sister, but her husband and I… what do I call it?” Austin said, and they all laughed. “Just keep the two to be safer, Mike might get fired at anytime,” he added, and Michael’s face turned in furry. 

   “What did you say?” Micheal shouted, aiming at him and they started running around together. 

    “Mike, you are black, Austin, blue, me, red, and Stanley… purple,” Steven said, and they stopped running and returns to their seats. 

   “What are you blabbering?” Austin asked. 

    “Our phones are already out of style, new models are out so we should-…” he was saying. 

    “Why me? Do I have to take purple again?” Stanley whined. 

    “I’m not giving up the black,” Micheal teased. 

    “Why me? Why am I always the one taking others when you all have a color? I was the one who got green the last time, I took gold the last time, even yellow and white? Why me? Why am I always the one without a color?” He lashed. 

   “Because you want black, and Mike will never give it up,” Austin mocked. 

    “Should I olage the order now? How did you even survive a night without your phone?” Steven said, and Stanley laid flat on the couch. 

    “I was like a survivor, trying to cross border,”

     “How did you get to school? Your father withheld all your rides,” Austin said, and Micheal’s eyes widened. 

    “Don’t tell me you take a bus? Never try that shlt! I have a heIlish experience,” Micheal said, and they all looked at him. 

   “You must’ve really suffered in that date with Lina. That’s what you get for not dating someone your class,” Austin said. 

    “You are wrong. We are in same class,” Micheal said. 

   “What class?”

   “The same class at school, and even in the world outside. She was rumored to be an illegitimate, so am I,” 

    “Gosh… but you aren’t a peasant,”

    “An illegitimate would always be an illegitimate even if he is a billionaire’s b@stard, the status won’t change,”

    “Enough of the sob story, I’m not an illegitimate but I became a peasant over night, class is absolutely nothing to me now. And, if you that curious, I didn’t board the bus. My aunty’s driver gave me a ride, we spent the night at her place,”

   “Oh… you had a close relative,” Austin muttered. 

   “She is like a distant friend to my mother. I don’t understand thier relationship, but… whatever, whatever. I didn’t board a bus, are we good how?” 

    “I will call my diver to send my bike over, I don’t even ride it,” Austin said. 

    “I’ll accept it if it has enough gas,”

    “Otherwise, you won’t?” Austin snapped. 

   “You really endured a lot, man. I’m sure everything will é fine,” Micheal said patting his back, and he tried to hold back his tears.  

    “You can break down, man. A man is only allowed to cry once,” Austin said, and embraced him to cry on his shoulder. 
**
**
  Grace was preparing for a press conference, and she was trying to reach Paul, because they are meant to attend the conference together. 

   “Mayor, we can’t still reach him. The medias are waiting,” her campaign manager said. 

  “How could he disappear on a day like this when the election is behind the corners? Dad is not here and he chose to ditch me as well?!” She yelled. 

    “Grace, we need to talk,” she heard Paul’s voice said from behind, and her eyes brightened in relief. 

   “Paul… I thought you decide to abandon me as well,” she whined, and went to embrace him. 

   “We need to talk,”

   “Yeah, let’s talk after the press conference, the reporters are waiting,”

    “No, we will talk now… before the press conference!”

    “Paul…” 

   “Can you excuse us?” He said, to the campaign manager, and Grace gestured her to leave before she did. 

   “What’s so urgent?” She blurted. 

   “What you want to go say out there,”

   “What do you know, Paul? My election is behind the corner, and I have to get my rating up before the election. Are you going to help me with that?”

    “You should step down,”

   “Meaning?”

   “You should give up on being the mayor!“

   “What?”

   “How many people have to suffer because of you? Uncle is going down, trying to get the best lawyer to represent him, and you are going out there to abandon him! How many more people has to suffer because of your greed for power?”

    “What nonsense are you spewing? I worked so hard to reach here, become the mayor is dad first assignment for me, and I’ll get there. Dad told me to abandon him to become the  mayor, dad will take care of his own business, so what’s the meaning of this? Being the mayor is just my first step, after this, I’m going to gain more power and become the governor, if you are scared of anything, be aware that I’m just getting started!” She blurted, walked past him. 

   “Even if Ava will end you getting hurt in the process?” He asked, and she spun around to look at him. 

   “What…” she shuddered. 

    “If you are going to be this shaken over a question, then your father must have had high expectation from you,” he said, and intend to leave. 

    “What do you mean by Ava will get hurt?” She blurted. 

    “Do you think your opponent will seat and do nothing? Uncle is that way, and they have been trying to dig out trash on me… do you think Ava will still be safe by then?”

    “What do you mean?” She yelled, grabbing his collar. “Is it because she is a bully? They can’t use that against me. That’s why I sent her back home! His daughter is no better, and she is Ava’s friend, he knows better!”

    “Is that all?”

    “Stop speaking nonsense, and tell me Paul!”

    “Must you really hear it directly from me?”

    “Paul, what do you know?”

     “Someone informed me. Ava’s hair sample was taken to the hospital for a test,” 

    “What? What hospital? What test?” She shivered. 

    “What are you planning to do? Do you plan to fabricate the result?! Enough, Grace! Enough already. If you want to protect Ava, step down now, that’s the only way you can protect her, that’s the only way she can live in peace,”

    “Paul… you knew? You knew all along… how long have you known?”

     “From the start,”

    “What?” She muttered, and almost lost her balance. “You knew for that long… so why didn’t you say anything? Why did you pretend… why?” She shouted, and broke down in tears.

    “That’s not important right now. You should go out there, and step down before the whole world finds out,” with that, he left. 

    “He knew, he knew all along… daddy….” She cried. 
**
 Grace went out for her press conference, and the reporters started asking her questions as planned. 

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

   “Your father’s first trial is going to be before the election, what id he was charged guilty, would you use your influence to bail him out?” A reporter asked. 

   “My duty as a mayor is to make the city a better place to live on. Improving Justice and to guarantee a good future. If the bad guys are found guilty, I believe they should be locked up, isn’t that what we all believe? Isn’t that the law?” She replied, and the reporters started mumbling words. 

   “A news is going on now at the opponent’s press conference, directed at you!” Another reporter shouted. 

    “I have no l business with my opponent’s conference. I don’t believe in tarnishing another’s reputation in order to achieve my goal, I believe the people know the best person to vote for. The mayor is for the people, if I have to drag someone else down to become the mayor, then I am not fit to become one,” she said, followed by murmuring. “Who is that reporter?” She whispered to her manager. 

   “I don’t know him. But I think he is from ATG NEWS,” 

   “Get him out of here,” 

    “Yes, mayor,” 

   “But if you can’t uphold your dignity you aren’t fit to become a mayor! Your daughter is a b@stard, so how can you rule the people when you can’t even control your own live?” He blurted. 

    “What insolence!” Grace yelled. “Get that man out of here!”

    “Your daughter’s blood type is A, and your’s B, while your husband’s blood is O. Do you mind to explain?” He shouted, as the guards escorted him out, and the other reporters started bombarding her with related questions. 
**
**
  MR. PACKARD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Mr. Packard was scrolling through the news about his daughter when Mr. Ken rushed in. 

   “Sir, there is a problem. There are news going around that Miss Ava is a b@stard based on her blood type, and Ms. Grace opponent claimed to have parental test results to prove it! They are ready to be held responsible for the news,”

    “We failed to get Mr. Narson to represent me, what about the other law firms that I mentioned. I need all the capable lawyers to reorient me in court,”

    “I’m working on that, sir. But Ms. Grace election might go south because of this scandal, her rating has dropped massively,”

    “Grace already abandoned me, she will take care of her own business,” he muttered, with clenched fist. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
 In Ava’s class, the teacher left the class and a student stood up to the front. 

   “Guys, with your knowledge in science, is it possible for blood group A and O to bore a child with B blood group?” The students blurted, and the class started mumbling. 

    “Fiona, what are you getting at? Did the exam questions leak?” A boy asked. 

    Fiona chuckled, and pointed at her phone. Everyone’s phone started to beep, and they all checked the contempt curiously. 

    “Ava, can you explain to the class how you are type B, when neither of your parents are? Or are you truly a b@stard?” She blurted, approaching Ava. 

  Ava’s hands trembled in fear, and she instantly remembered her nightmare, she prayed silently to wake up if it’s another nightmare, but no… the entire class already surrounded her, bombarding her with questions. Her ears almost bleed from thier rantings, and she started to shiver thinking of a way out. 

   “Can’t you answer the question?” A girl jeered, pushing her from her seat. 

  She fell down, and she felt too weak to stand up, until she eventually passed out. 
.
  TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Wuuuuu…😉
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
      🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER SIXTY SIX. 6️⃣ 6️⃣
  
        ❣️❣️the proud ba$tard❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Ava opened her eyes gently and was surprised to see herself on her bed. She sat up immediately, and saw Paul in her room looking at her stuffs. 

   “Dad,” she called, and he looked at her. 

   “Why do you have so many sleeping pills, who prescribed all these?” 

   “Dad, why are you poking around?”

    “How long have you been living these way Ava?”

    “What do you care? Just leave them there,”

     “I’ll ask a maid to dispose all of these,”

    “No! Give them back!” She yelled, and get up. “That’s the only way I can relax, give it back,” she cried, and he embraced her. 

     “You don’t need these anymore, you are safe now. Daddy, will always protect you,” he said, patting her back gently. 

    “Even though I am not your biological daughter? The news is everywhere, dad, and I’m going to be bursted soon,” she muttered, and disengaged to look at him. 

    “How long have you known?”

     “Dad…”

    “Probably before you went to England. Am I right?”

     “Dad, you promise to protect me,”

     “You must have carried that huge burden alone, living in fear this while time with hopes that your cover won’t be blown,”

     “Dad… I can only be your daughter, I can only live as your daughter,” she cried. 

     “Then keep on living, because I am not willing to give you up either. You are my daughter that I love so much, and vow to protect, I might have failed a lot of promises, but I refuse to fail you,” he said, and embraced her. 

     “Thank you, dad. Thank you for not abandoning me,” she muttered, in a sober voice. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Paulina sat alone on the rooftop on the cafeteria’s rooftop thinking about the news going around about Ava when Sophia joined her. 

   “Lina, what are you doing here alone?” 

    “And you? Why are you here?” 

   “This is my safe haven,”

    “Same,”

   “The news about Ava, do you think it’s truth?”

    “Everyone think it is, so why should my opinion matter?”

    “You are closer to her, you live together. Oh… you two are enemies. But others are getting a second thought after the chairman came to school himself to take her home himself. He must really love her a lot, you should have seen the concern look on his face. Everyone are talking about it,”

    “Yes, he must really adore her a lot even though she might be a b@stard,” she muttered, with clenched fist. 

     “Lina, are you ok?” 

     “I’m fine. Can we stop talking about Ava? You know I despise her,”

     “Oh, yeah, we should. The news is just too shocking to ignore,”

     “Hey, girls,” they heard Sage voice from behind. 

    “Oh, bye Lina. My driver is here. Bye, Sage,” Sophia said, and ran off. 

     “Sophie, wait!” Sage shouted, but she ignored him. “She left her bag,” he muttered, and sat next to Paulina. “Are you ok?” 

     “I’m fine,”

     “Doesn’t it seem like Sophie is avoiding me? She has been like this since I gave her a ride the other day, I think she is truly serious about calling it quit. But why am I the only one she is avoiding?“

     “Sage, Sophie said she likes someone,”

     “Who the h£ll is he? Did he ask her to avoid me? What kind of a$$hole does that?”

    “Not that. She isn’t avoiding you. She like the guy, but she isn’t sure about his own feelings,” 

     “That’s bad. I can’t imagine her harboring a one-sided feeling. That’s not good for her,”

     “So, what do you advise? Should she confess to him, or give up on him?” 

     “I personally… I despise girls who confess first,” he muttered, and she looked at him. “I mean… you are a lady, you deserve to be a man that cherish you, if you like him and he didn’t even notice, that means he has no feelings for her. It’s going to be a taint to her pride if she confess first. There are strategies in things, why like a jerk who doesn’t even realize it? You should move on from such jerk,” he said. 

    “He is indeed a jerk!” They heard Sophia blurted from behind. 

     “Sophie, you were there. Who is that jerk? Is he a student here?”

     “What does that have to do with you?” She yelled, and hit her bag on him before running off.  

     “Hey! That hurts!” He whined, and Paulina chuckled. 

     “The guy could actually not be a jerk “

    “If he is not a jerk, the he doesn’t like her. So, she should just give up. You, what do you advise?” He asked, and she shook her shoulders staring at the sky. 
**
**
 The MASS were heading to t the parking lot, and Austin didn’t stop talking about Ava. 

    “The chairman personally came here himself to take her home from the clinic. He carried her like a baby-…”

    “Will you give it a rest?” Micheal snapped. 

    “I know you don’t like hearing her name, but I can’t let this gist pass by. Rumors is circulating online that Ava could be an illegitimate, the chairman’s love child,” Austin said, and Stanley gasped. 

    “Then how many illegitimate does he have?” Micheal grumbled, and they both looked at him. 

     “What do you mean? Did he have another b@stard?“ Austin asked. 

    “I meant to say... those are all gibberish lies. Why would the chairman have an illegitimate daughter? I mean… why would his wife accept an illegitimate daughter with how powerful she is? The Packard’s have mighty political power, the chairman would know better,” 

    “You are right, but there could be a reason,” Austin said. 

   “This says that she was switched at birth,” Steve said. 

    “What?” They all shouted, and he showed them the comment. 

    “This could be real,” Austin gasped. 
    
    “Why aren’t we thinking of the possibility that she might be a b@stard? Her mother’s child, and not a Stanford,” Stanley said. 

   “That’s enough! Everyone is just buffing online. We’ve plans, don’t forget, we can’t lose to those clowns,” Michael said, and they all nodded. 

    “Stanley, are you running off again?” They heard Jessica said, approaching them, and Stanley gasped. 

    “Hey, Jess. How can our genius help you?” Austin asked. 

    “Are you two dating?” Micheal inquired. 

    “What nonsense? Stanley is not willing to give up on math-…” 

    “Yes!” Stanley shouted. 

    “Yes, for what?” Austin blurted. 

    “Are you really dating?” They all chorused. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
 Grace sneaked inside passing through the back gate because the front gate was crowed with nosy reporters.

 She went to the living room, and met Paul there. 

    “I told you to step down, but instead, you chose to hurt our daughter,” 

    “Paul… I can’t step down now. It’s already too late,” 

    “Then what will you do? How do you want to answer those reporters out there, how will you manipulate the mind of the citizens that will vote for you? Your range dropped. Aren’t you calculating?”

   “This is all your fault, if you have attended the conference with me, this wouldn’t have happened!” She shouted, and broke down in tears. 

    “What exactly is my fault? Accepting Ava, or asking you to step down for her sake,”

     “Paul… how could you know all these while and keep it to yourself?” 

     “I knew that the baby wasn’t mine from the moment you shared the news about your pregnancy. Nothing happened between us that night, I might be drunk but I never lose my memories even when I’m drunk. Nothing happened between us, but you claimed to be pregnant,“

   “Why didn’t you say anything back then? I lied about carrying your baby, so why did you just accept it?” She yelled. 

   “I was going to marry you either ways, cause that was the only way to protect my company. I, I was a c0ward that accepted you even with your b@stard baby to protect my company. That’s what I am. Are we good now?”

   “But you would have still said something later, why did you pretend not to know anything all these years?” 

    “Because the baby was innocent. She was just an innocent child that I wanted to protect, and I’ll continue to protect her. You should do the same, for the sake of our daughter,”

    “Paul, you are going to protect Ava… then you should protect her. As you said, she is just an innocent child, she should have never been born if she wasn’t going to be your daughter, she shouldn’t have come to the world in the first place if she is going to be an obstacle, so you should protect her,”

   “What are you planning to do?”

     “I’ll go out there to tell them the result of the parental test, Ava is not your daughter, neither is she mine. We will hold the hospital responsible,”

    “What?! Are you out of your mind?”

    “Paul, that’s the only way out of this. Ava has to he switched at birth for me to get people’s support,”

    “Do you think your opponent will do nothing? They already know who her biological father is! Get your tact together, Grace, and stop hurting the child even more,”

    “What do I do, Paul?” She cried. 

    “You step down, and set things right. I’ll send Ava back to England until everything dles down,”

    “And if I step down… what’s going to happen to our marriage afterwards?”

    “Let’s worry about that later. Ava should be our too priority now,”

    “Dad will go to jail if he is filled guilty, and I’ll lose all my powers as well. You don’t waht this marriage from the start, do you plan to escape it now?”

    “Enough, Grace! I’ll go out to adress those reporters,”

    “What will you tell them?”

   “A press conference, we will address everything in a press conference tomorrow,”

    “You are going to send Ava abroad, discard me and return to Charlotte… you lie Paul. Since you aren’t going to abandon Ava, you mustn’t  abandon me too,” she thought, staring at his retreating back. 
**
 When Paulina returned from school, she couldn’t stop thinking about Ava’s scandal, so she decide to go and confirm it from her father directly. Getting to his living room, she overheard his conversation with Grace.

    “He knew all along that she was a b@stard, and he allowed her mistreat me like a freeloader. Did he love her that much?” She thought, and clenched her fist in anger. 

  She was heading back to her room and met Ava by the hallway. 

    “You must think I will lose to you, but you lie!” Ava blurted, and Paulina glared at her. 

    “Give it a rest already. If you had this must energy, you shouldn’t have pretended to faint at school!” Paulina fired back, and intend to walk past her but Ava dragged her back. 

    “You must think dad is going to abandon mum and I, and must be rejoicing now. Let me make something clear, the news might breakout now, but I have been a Stanford all my life, and dad will never abandon me! And you, you will forever be a hidden illegitimate daughter!”

    “So much talk from a b@stard,” Paulina muttered, and intend to leave, but Ava dragged her back by pulling her hair. 

  They both combat in a fight, pulling each other’s hair until Paul showed up. 

    “What’s going on here?!” He yelled, and they halt to look at him. 

    “Dad, Ava started it. She pulled my hair first!”

  “ “Ava, are you going to keep this up?”

   “She caused it. She called me a b@stard!” Ava blurted, and Paul let out an ugh. 

     “Paulina…” Paul called. 

     “What, dad? Isn’t she a b@stard? When she called me an illegitimate and bully me, you did nothing. So are you going to defend her now?” Paulina snapped, and ran to her room. 

     “Dad, do I have to live this way? If I am going to receive humiliations from her, then it’s best you just abandon me. I am not even your child, she is your biological daughter after all,” Ava cried, and he went to embrace her. 

    “I’ll never abandon you, Ava. You have been my daughter for eighteen years, and you will always remain my daughter,”he assured, and she smirked evilly. 
**
**
 MR. PACKARD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Mr. Packard was going through in post online about Grace when Mr. Ken approached him. He chuckled after seeing Paul’s statement. 

    “Why did she abandoned me if she is going to turn out like this?” He muttered. 

    “Sir, I already got lawyers that can represent you,”

    “How maby are they?”

    “They are eight lawyers, and they all have high winning points,”

     “Good. What did they say about the evidence?”

    “They assured us that you can be ruled innocent, if there is no other evidence. And the minister promise to clear the Tax issue with a little fine,”

     “That’s good. We just have to confirm if there are no other evidence,”

     “Sir, what are you going to do about Ms. Grace?”

    “This is her first assignment, but she failed. She can’t even get anything done on her own without my help,”

     “Will you stay quiet about it?” 

     “Let’s see how the press conference tomorrow goes. The first hearing is a day after. We should prepare for that first,”

     “Ok, sir,”

    “That gangster lord, I want you to get him on track, he failed the last time, so he should get it right this time. We have to make sure the hearing goes as we plan,”

    “What do you plan to do, sir?”

    “I don’t know. But I need a hostage  to ensure everything fall in place,”

     “I’ll bet to it, sir,”

     “Floods… do you really think you can bring me down with the law? I wasn’t a politician all my life to end up this way,” he muttered, and emptied his glass of water. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Paul… 🤨
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER SIXTY SEVEN. 6️⃣7️⃣
  
   ❣️❣️The abandoned house❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  The MASS went to Michael’s suite outside school to prepare for the party they were attending later, and they started hugging Stanley about Jessica. 

    “Wait. Let me get this straight, everything started the night before your parents scandal, and you almost breakup with her in less than 24 hours, no you literally broke up with her, but she confronted you before you mend the relationship,” Austin said, trying to understand the story. 

    “Yeah, tha-…” Stanley was saying, but Austin cut in. 

     “Shut the fǔck! I can’t believe you almost break up with Jessica. If you have to crawl on your knees to beg your parents to makeup, then you should’ve done it. You are such big dǔmmy,” Austin scolded. 

     “I know. I know. I wasn’t thinking at that period,” Stanley said. 

     “I can’t believe you actually got Jessica, I mean Jessica. The same Jessica that rejected almost all her suitors,” Micheal said. 

    “Tell me about it. This guy is one lucky dude. I was also once interested in Jessica as well,”
     
     “You?”Micheal and Stanley chorused. 

    “What? Can’t I like her?” Austin blurted. 

     “Why would you like her? Isn’t it going well with Rae?” Micheal asked. 

     “Forget about that girl, I am trying to get over her since I confirmed her relationship with Derick,” 

     “Did she rejected you for Derick?” Stanley gasped. 

    “No, I- wait a minute. How did you know about Rae? I never tell you guys about her so how did you know?” Austin asked, and Stanley looked away. 

    “Nothing is hidden under the sun!” Micheal blurted, and Austin chuckled. 

    “Indeed… nothing is hidden under the sun. I am going to get youuuuuuu….” He screamed, aiming to attack Steven bug Stanley ran off instead. 

    “I didn’t tell them anything!” Steven blurted. 

     “Stan, why did you ran off? Was it you?”

    “Steve, how did you know?” Micheal asked. 

    “We live together, it’d be weird if I don’t know,” Steven said. 

   “Can we stop blaming each other?” Stanley shouted from afar. 

   “That’s enough guys. Don’t forget there is a bigger deal tonight. Those clown will try to bully us,” Micheal said. 

   “Who dares?” Austin blurted. 

   “Stanley’s family just fell apart, they would want to cause trouble with it,” Micheal said, and Austin exhaled heavily. 

    “You don’t have to get involved,” Stanley said. 

    “I wish it could work that way, but we’re all on same boat here,” Michael muttered. 

    “Next month is his birthday party, who throw a birthday shower a month before?” Austin blurted. 

    “He just wants flaunt something, I am sure of that. That guy has his way with things,” Micheal muttered. 

    “There is many interesting topic to gossip about, many of them will be more interested in Ava than Stan,” Steven said. 

    “You’re right, how come we didn’t think of that? I’m also interested in her, I have never anticipated a press conference before,”

    “We shouldn’t still let out guards down,” Micheal said, and they all nod in approval.
*
*
    THE PARTY^^^
^
   The MASS arrived at the party, and started exchanging greetings with the others. 

    “Roy, advance birthday, bro. I see you got a new necklace,” Michael said. 

    “It’s diamond, man. Do you wanna feel it?” Roy teased. 

    “He will need to feel it to know it’s real, after getting dumbed by a ba$tard,” Prince said, joining them. 

    “Hey, clown, must you always make an entrance with your mouth?” Austin blurted. 

    “Now I see why your father wants you to quit athlete, your line is d£ad, you need to study,” Prince mocked. 

    “The nerve…” Austin shouted, aiming to hit him but Micheal held him back. 

    “Mike, what’s going to happen to your engagement? I heard your won’t be able to become the chairman if you don’t marry the ba$tard,” Prince said. 

    “Can you keep walking, and don’t try to ruin the party!” Stanley blurted. 

    “So rich from someone with a ruined family!” Prince blurted, and Micheal wanted to hit him, but Steven held him back standing walking to the front. 

    “Real men don’t buff, we use our fist,” Steven muttered. 

    “Hey! I heard that you got a surgery done. Or did Mike finally permit you to talk?” Print jeered. 

    “You are still buffing,” Stevie’s muttered. 

    “Steve, what are you doing?” Austin asked. 

    “You, and your clowns are all 8. Why don’t we spar, I’ll take you all down,” Steven said, and everyone gasped. 

     “Are you guys really doing this at my party?” Roy interfered. 

    “Stay out of it Roy, prince asked for it!” Micheal blurted. 

     “Hey! Don’t forget that I’m a boxing trainee,I won a medal,” one of the clowns said. 

    “You failed your last competition, you never beat a national championship. You’re just interested in boxing, so was I. But boxing is really boring,” Steven said, and the clown wanted to hit him but prince stopped him. 

    “You really talk too much for someone who just started talking,” Prince said. 

     “You are still buffing,” Steven muttered. 

    “Do you really think you can bring us all down? Even you all as a team can’t win us. I’m a black belt holder in teakwando incase you forget,” Prince said. 

    “Buffing, again,”

  “Enough, clown. Let’s get this over with!” Micheal blurted. 

    “What’s your deal, Mike? You must’ve confidence in your lackey,”

     “If we lose to you, the MASS will stop attending any gathering you are,” Michael said, and everyone gasped. 

    “Mike, what are you saying?” Austin grumbled. 

   “Wow. Seems like the future chairman of Russ Group is already tired of partying. But must you drag your minors along? Austin, are you fine with this?” 

    “What? Do you think we will lose to you?” Austin blurted. 

    “You heard it everyone. The MASS said they won’t attend any gathering I am in.  Roy, you heard that too Mike won’t get to attend your birthday party!@ 

    “Mike, what are you doing? Are you really tired of partying?” Roy scolded. 

👤”why would he make such bargain?”
👤”what’s he thinking?”
👤”oh… I’m really going to miss him,” The people around grumbled. 

    “Mike, this is bad. You can still change the proposal,” one of their other friends said. 

    “You won’t even attend my birthday party?” Roy remarked. 

    “That’s only if I lose to the clown. But if you lose, you must never dare to insult Stan with his families situation. What’s our business with his family falling apart? That’s the adults problems. If anymore dares to insult Stan again, the MASS, and those clowns will deal with them,” 

    “What?” Everyone shouted. 

    “You want to use me? Do you think you will win? Too bad I won’t be seeing your faces around, and I will really miss Austin,” Prince said. 

     “Do you agree to the rule?” Austin blurted. 

     “Deal! But you should get ready to disappear from my sight forever,”

    “Buffing! Buffing! Buffing! When will the fight begin?” Steven lashed. 

    “Too bad Roy, your party is ruined. This is really going to be a long fight,” 

     “I only need ten minutes, Mike. I’ll get this done. We planned a lot for this party,” Steven said, and everyone remained alert to watch the fight. 

  Stanley set his timer, and it took Steven less than 15 minutes to knock them all down, and everyone gasped in bewilderment. 

    “Next time, I’ll make you kiss my shoes or change from that Prince you call yourself, to a real clown that you are,” Austin teased. 

    “You, you, what are you?” Prince muttered. 

    “You aren’t going to ask if he is human, right?” Micheal teased. 

👤 “oh, my. Has he always been that cool?” 
👤”he is so hot…”
👤”he defeat them all,”

    “You are so amazing, man,” Roy said, and embraced him. 

   “Gosh! Has he always been that good?” Austin gasped. 

     “Seems like Steven will steal our spotlight away,” Stanley said, and they all chuckled. 

    “He will easily get a girl now,” Micheal added, and they all nodded in agreement. 

     “There comes Jessica, see you,” with that, Stanley excused himself. 

    “I thought she and Jake were together, I mean they are always together,” Micheal said. 

    “Must I always repeat this? Jake is engaged to a middle class student, he doesn’t go out with her. And Jessica, is his bestie, he is as close to her as he is to Jenny. But Jenny has a boyfriend, so he always hang out with Jessica instead. This will be the last time I’ll explain this,”

    “Hey! Why are you upset? Get a life!” With that Micheal walked out. 

    “You should have invited Lina?” Austin shouted. 

    “She is more worried about the coming exam, and I’m sure she has a lot more to worry about now,” he muttered, joining his other friends. 

     “Did Mike just left us to meet Derick?” Austij said. 

   “That explains why Rae chose him over you,” Steven muttered. 

    “Hey!” Austin shouted. 

   “Hi, Steven, wanna dance?” A girl said approaching them. 

    “Hey, Steve. I’m Lydia Holt,” another girl said. 

    “Seems like I’m invisible,” Austin grumbled, and rolled his eyes before he left. 
**
**
 CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Grace has been thinking all night about how to escape her present predicament, revealing Ava’s identity in the press conference would simply result to stepping down from the election. Paul will send Ava abroad, and she can’t even imagine what will happen to her afterwards. 

   “He is going to send Ava abroad, and abandon me since he never wanted this marriage from the start. I can’t let that happen, I can’t lose it all “ she cried, looking at her range that already fell massively. “Even if I can’t become the mayor, I won’t give up on Paul “ she muttered. “First, he left the bedroom for me, then next what? He will  leave the marriage. That can’t happen, I won’t lose to Charlotte. Never!” She shouted, shoving everything on her bed away. 

  After thinking all night, an idea came to her mind, so she called her campaign manager immediately to plan things with her before heading to Ava’s room. 

    “Mum, what are you doing here?” Ava asked, and she signaled her to be quiet. 

    “Pack few things, and quietly follow me,”

   “What? Where are we going?”

   “The press conference tomorrow, your father is going to announce that you aren’t his biological daughter and send you abroad,”

    “What? But he promised to protect me!”

   “That’s his way of protecting you. He is going to send you abroad, annul our marriage and we will know everything to Paulina,”

    “I can never lose to her,”

    “That’s why you’ve to come with me,”

   “What do you plan to do?”
    
    “Paul will never leave you to be with me, he knows you aren’t his daughter even before you were born, and he protected you and loved you very much, so we have to escape that press conference, until I am able  to sort it out,”

    “How will you do that?” 

    “If I leave with you, Paul will want to you back by all means, so I’ll tell him I can’t let you live as a ba$tard. Even if you go abroad, others will still trample on you. I will make realize that, and you will quietly go abroad while we sort out the mess “

    “Mum, are you sure about this?” 

   “Trust me, Ava. This is our only way out,”

    “Can’t we talk it out with him now?”

    “He won’t listen. I tried, but he didn’t listen. Have you forgotten the saying? Absence makes the heart grow fonder. If we leave now, he will understand how serious this is,”

    “Ok, I want to trust you for now. So, where do we do?” 

    “Somewhere no one can find us. Kira already prepared everything, and she is waiting for us by the back gate,”

    “Mum…”

   “This is our last chance Ava, if you want to remain the heiress of first group forever, then you will do this. I can’t let you lose to Paulina, never!

  Ava packed few things in a backpack, and quietly followed her mother to the back gate, there they met Kira waiting for them. 

  Kira drove for almost two hours, and she pulled over in an old abandoned building. 

    “Why are we here?” Ava blurted. 

    “Where is this place?” Grace asked. 

   “May-.. ma’am, you ask me to find a place out of reach from the media, where no one knows you, this is the place, ma’am,”

    “You couldn’t think of a better place?” Grace blurted. 

    “Ma’am, it was a rush and this is the quickest place to find. This is my grandparent’s old house,”

    “What?” Grace and Ava shouted. 
*
  They entered the building, that looks like it could collapse any moment, with leaking roof, and broken water pipes. 

   “Mum, I would return home and accept whatever dad has to differ!” Ava bluntly said, and turned to leave but Grace held her back. 

   “I also can’t live like this, but the fight worth it. We won’t spend another night here, I promise,”

   “The thought of spending a night here is making me lose my mind!” Ava yelled. 

    “Same! I am losing it!” Grace fired back, starling Ava. “But we have to endure. I’ll send the adress to Paul, he will come and pick us up tomorrow,”
**
**
MR. ETHAN’S WAREHOUSE^^^
^
  Mr. Ethan was sat on his bed thinking of the Packard’s when one of his men barged into his room. 

   “Boss, there is a problem!” 

   “Who was abducted, or kllled?” He asked, and the man looked up in shock. 

    “Boss, Ms. Charlotte was abducted!”

    “Good! I know that creepy man will fall for the bait. Let’s see how he will get out of this,” Mr. Ethan muttered.before taking his phone to call Louis. 

 📞*hello*
📞*don’t panic, but involve the police, my men are there with her,*
📞*it’s the Packard’s doing, that creepy politician must be looking for a way to threaten me,*
📞*I said not to worry, this is simply a bait that he fell for. I’ll send Don to get her, since he went to Charlotte, my granddaughter would be safe,* with that, he dropped the call. 

    “You just fell into my trap, and there is no more escape,” he muttered, before putting his phone away. 
**
**
  THE ABANDON HOUSE^^^
^
  Ava was unable to sleep well on night, and when she managed to, she dreamt that Paul announced to the world that she was a ba$tard, and Paulina was his only daughter, sending she and her mother away, and they moved thier belongings to the abandoned house. Waking up after the nightmare to see herself at the abandoned house almost traumatized her that wasn’t out of her nightmare. 

    “Dad loves me, he will never abandon me “ she tried to reassure herself until day breaks. 

  The house was out of water due to the broken pipe, after exchanging words with her mother, she left angrily. 

  She walked around the neighborhood thinking about everything that has happened so far, Paulina sudden appearance in her life, and losing everything to her. 

   “Never, Ava. You can’t lose to her. You are a queen, and you will forever be,” she muttered. 

  The neighborhood was so quiet, the few passerby didn’t even spare her a glance. After walking around for few houses. Walking around really helped her ease her worries, and she returned when it started raining. 

 She ran back to the house, and the house was already flooded because of the leaking roof. 

  “I should have just stayed home if water will leak out anyways,” she grumbled in annoyance, barging to the room to see the shock her of life—her mother was lying lifelessly on the floor with the bottle of sleeping pills beside her. “Mum, mum. Mum, get up,” she said, hitting her. 

  She collected her phone from her, and saw the message Grace sent to her father. 
  💬*you failed, dad. You failed to make me the mayor. You failed to make Paul mine forever* the message reads.  

    Ava’s eyes widened in shock, and she glance at the document on the floor, she picked it up and was startled to see that it was a divorce paper, with her father signature there. 

   “What? Dad is going to divorce mum,” she thought, and put the paper away. “Mum, get up and stop scaring me,” she cried, hitting her mother vigorously. 

  She was hitting her mother in tears, and reached  her phone to call for help when the house suddenly went ablaze. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Grace… 🥺
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER SIXTY EIGHT. 6️⃣8️⃣
.
     ❣️❣️Mr. Packard wept❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
 Paul woke up when his phone beeped from a message from Grace. He exhaled heavily, wondering why she sent him a message. He opened the message and was shocked by its  contempt. In it, she sent the address of her current location, and tell him to come get them if he really won’t abandon them. 

    “What’s this?” He muttered, and put the phone away. 

  He went to his room to freshen up heading out, when Paulina walked up to him. 

    “Good morning, dad,”

    “I hope you slept well?” 

    “Dad, can you give me a ride to school?” She requested, and he looked at her. 

    “A ride? I wish I could, but I’m in a hurry now,”

   “Then who will take me to school?”

    “What happened to Don?”

    “His brother got into an accident, and needed surgery, his presence is needed as the guardian,”

    “And he left without informing me?”

    “It was urgent, and I gave him permission,”

    “Ok. I’ll call my secretary to give you a ride,” he said, but she held his hand. 

     “I can only be safe with you, dad. I only trust you and Don,”

    “Paulina…”

   “You must have been busy that day, but you rushed to school for Ava,” 

    “Are you jealous of your sister?”

    “She is not my sister, and I’m not jealous of her. I’m just upset. Even when I’m your biological daughter, I have to live like this because you didn’t find me sooner, and I have to watch you pay all attention to Ava because you watch her grow up, and loved her very much. Who am I to compete with her?” 

   “You don’t have do compete with her,”

    “I know. I know I don’t have to, but why do I feel like it’s needed,”

    “I’ll give you a ride, let’s talk more on our way,” he said, and she nodded. 
*
  Paul drove off in silence for a while, and he broke the silence after driving few blocks away from home. 

     “I’m sorry, Lina,” he muttered, and she looked at him. 

   “About what?”

   “I was a c0ward. I didn’t know I was hurting you by paying so much attention to Ava,”

    “I know you can’t abandon her, and I’ll always have to live as the hidden illegitimate daughter, so I understand,”

    “You must be really upset,”

    “It’s hard enough to think that you abandoned my mother who was your childhood friend because of her family’s crisis to marry Ms. Grace who was carrying another’s man baby in order to save your company, but I tried to understand. You had no choice, you’ve to save your company, so you had no choice than to abandon mum even  though she was pregnant, you abandoned her and drive her to sulcide,”

   “Paulina, there is more to the story,”

   “I’m not holding grudges for mum. I won’t hate you because of that, but I’m enraged at the thought that I will have to live this way for the rest of my life while you protect Ava and her mother. You couldn’t even protect my  own mother,” she muttered, sobbing silently. 

   Paul clenched his fist before holding her hand. 

   “I know I have failed a lot, and you are right. You don’t have to live this way, you are biological daughter, so you shouldn’t live in hidden. It might be too late, Paulina, but I’ll make sure to set things right,” he assured, and she nodded in tears. 
*
 Paul dropped Paulina off at school, and returned home. After thinking for a while, he called his secretary who arrived in less than 30 minutes. 

   “I want you to contact my lawyer, ask him to prepare divorce papers for me as soon as possible,”

   “Sir, divorce? You are going to divorce your wife?”

  “It’s not too late to set things right,”

  “How about the press conference?”

   “Grace left home with Ava, so I’ll have to attend to that alone. Bring the divorce papers to me first, I should sign it before sending it to Grace,”

    “Yes, sir,”

    “You made this choice, Grace, and it’s high time I set things right,” he muttered. 
*
  His secetary brought the divorce paper, and he signed his own part before writing a letter to Grace. 

  📝*Since you left first with Ava without consulting me, then let’s settle this without hurting anyone. Let’s end this, Grace. I never wanted this from the start, so this is the best way to call it quit. I’ll give you half of my asset, leave the country with Ava, and start a new life. As far as I’m concerned, Ava will forever remain my daughter, and you will forever be my friend, my best friend.*

  He kept the letter along with the divorce paper in a file, and gave his secretary the address it should be delivered to. 

  Few hours later, he received a call from Grace, and he exhaled heavily before picking up. 
.
📲*Divorce? How can you divorce me Paul? You said you aren’t going to abandon Ava, so what are you doing now?*
📞*I am not abandoning anyone, I’m just setting things right. Just give it a rest already, if you keep acting this way, Ava will continue to get hurt,*
📲*what about me? I’m hurting now because of you, don’t you even care about me?*
📞*you also never cared about me. If you cared, you won’t have made me abandon Charlotte. Paulina is hurting too, so let’s stop hurting the kids,*
📲*Paulina? Charlotte? Do you plan to abandon Ava and I, then return to Charlotte? Was that your agreement with her? Was that the reason you kept your meeting with her a secret?*
📞*you knew Charlotte was alive?*
📲*that’s not important now, Paul you are mine!We are married, we took a vow, you won’t leave me Paul. I’ll never sign the divorce papers, I’ll never lose to Charlotte. And Paulina, she will forever be an illegitimate,”
📞*enough, already! How many more people have to get hurt because of this? Isn’t it enough that we hurt Charlotte in the past, must we hurt Paulina too?*
📲*then she shouldn’t have been born! She and her mother should have just dled years ago,*
📞*i had enough. I might have failed to protect Charlotte, but I refuse to hurt my daughter. If you won’t sign the divorce paper, then I’ll file a divorce lawsuit against you,*
📲how could you do this to me Paul? You know who I’m, I’m Grace Packard, I won’t let you do this to me!*
📞*then what are you going to do? Are you going to run to your father again? I bet you can’t, you already abandoned him. Sign the papers quietly, and I’ll give you half of my asset. Let’s stop hurting the kids. Paulina and Ava are both innocent,* with that, he dropped the call. 
.
  His secretary reminded him about the press conference, and he left the house heading to the location. 
*
   “I won’t answer any questions asides from what is necessary. Firstly, I want to inform everyone that my wife, Grace Stanford, will be stepping down as a mayor candidate,” he stated, followed by an uproar from the reporters, and many more questions followed. “That’s it about the mayor issue, and as for my daughter Ava Stanford, I would appreciate it if you all don’t interfere to my family affair, and anyone spreading any sort of rumor will face the legal team of First Group,” with that, he intend to leave. 

    “Chairman Stanford, is it true that you also have an illegitimate daughter, and that’s why you accepted your wife ba$tard as well?” A reporter asked. 

   “I want you to sue him for spreading false rumor, and every other charges that might apply to this,” Paul said to the head to his legal team before leaving. 
*
 He returned home, and returned Grace’s call, he saw several missed calls from her. 
..
📲* I never said I was going to step down,*
📞*that’s the only way to get the reporters off our case. Your range already hit the bottom, there is no way you can win the election,*
📲*since you made that decision already, why don’t we go back to how it used to be before I became a mayor candidate? I’ll go abroad with Ava until everything dles down. We used to be a happy family, Paul,*
📞*we used to be good friends, Grace, best friends. You are right, we should return to that. So sign the divorce papers,*
📲*Never! I’ll never divorce you Paul!*
📞*do your worse. We would have ended this quietly,*
📲*Paul, I know you are always intimidated by dad, I already abandoned him. Let’s give our family another chance. I promise to be good to Paulina. Please, don’t leave me…*
📞*its already too late, Grace. Let’s end this now,*
📲*what about me? What will happen to me? I might appear strong, but you know I’m very timid, I can’t do anything without dad, and I already abandoned him. You are all I have left Paul…*
📞*no, you still have Ava, and you have me too as a friend,” with that, he dropped the call. 
.
  He put away his phone and exhaled heavily. 
   
  “This is the right thing, Paul,” he muttered, trying to reassure himself. 

  A call came through from Grace again, and he picked it up already upset. 
.
📞*Grace, will you give it a rest!*
📲*I already took six pills… the normal dosage is one per day, but I took six, I’m taking another now that makes it seven, now eight,*
📞*Grace, what are you talking about? Are you drunk?*
📲*I heard that if I take overdose of my insomnia medication… it could be attempted sulcide,*
📞*Grace, what are you getting at? Don’t try anything silly,”
📲*it’s already late Paul… I swallowed 20… I can’t live without you Paul. I abandoned dad… I can’t be the mayor, and now I have to leave you? I can’t Paul…”
📞*get your tact together! I’m coming there right away!*
📲*I should leave a message to dad,*
📞*Grace, stop it already!* he shouted, and dropped the call before calling his secretary.   
*
  His secretary drove him to the abandoned house, and he met the place crowed. 

   “Are we at the right place?” He asked his secretary 

   “Yes, sir. Madam received your message directly from me at this house,”

   “What happened here?” He managed to ask one of the people around. 

   “There was a fire. We never knew people were even in,” the person replied. 

   “What fire? What was the cause of the fire?”

    “The electricity must be faulty. The fire workers confirmed that it started from an electric spark, and spread because of the fuel stored inside,”

    “What?”
   
   “It has been three months since I last saw someone enter this place. Who stores fuel in his house?” 

    “What? Fire… Grace, Ava…” he shuddered, and almost broke down but his secretary was quick to hold him. 

    “Were there any victims?” The secretary asked. 

   “Yes. There was a mother and her child. I don’t even know when they moved in. They didn’t look like they were from here,” 

    “Where are they?” Paul asked. 

    “They were rushed to the hospital,”

   “Sir, I already received an update,” the secretary said. 

     “Get in the car,” Paul said, and rushed back to his car. 

👤Who is he?”
👤”Is he her husband?” 
**
**
  IN AN UNKNOWN PLACE^^^
^
  Mr. Packard pulled over at one of his guesthouse out of town. When he heard of Charlotte resurrection, he assumed that she would be the best bait to get her father to be quiet, rather than using Paulina. He asked lord shark to get her for him, and they decide on using one of his private guesthouse to avoid obstacles like the last time. Getting Mr. Ethan was easy for him after abducting Charlotte, but Mr. Ethan refuse to let go of his other evidence unless he confirmed that Mr. Packard was truly the one who held his daughter hostage. 

   “Sir, are you sure about this?” Mr. Ken asked. 

   “There is nothing to lose. I can flaunt to that Flood that he can never win me, and I’ll also witness the resurrection myself. That girl literally dled twice,” he said, and chuckled. 

   “What if it’s a trap?”

   “What trap? In my house? Who could have set it? The Flood? When his daughter is in danger? He is obviously shaken now. I just have to get him to remain quiet. Enough talking,” with that, he went in. 
*
 He was entered the building, and one of lord shark’s men escort him to where Charlotte was —there were just two men watching her, and she was tied down to a chair, with her mouth sealed. 

   “Put that Flood on the phone, let him watch the way I deal with his daughter and beg for mercy,” he said evilly, and Charlotte groaned in fear. 

  One of the men dialed a number, and within few minutes, they were surrounded by police officers in company of a prosecutor Donald, and Mr. Packard eyes widened in shock. 

   “I believe this is enough evidence to lock you up for good, Mr. Politician,” Mr. Donald said. 

    “You… you all set me up,” he muttered, in defeat. 

   “Take the criminals away!”

    “That gangster… how could betray me…” he grumbled, as the policemen handcuffed him, and escort him out. 

   “Handle him with honor, he was a former minister, and also the father of the mayor candidate that stepped down,” Mr. Donald teased. 
*
  Mr. Packard was taken to the prosecutor’s office, and his attorney joined him almost immediately, in company of Mr. Ken. 

   “Sir , there is a bad news,” Mr. Ken said. 

    “What could be bad than this?” He grumbled. 

   “There is still a way out, sir. We can pin it all on the gangsters,” his attorney said. 

   “That’s good to hear. What’s the news?”

   “Ms. Grace is d£ad,” 

    “What?” He shouted, and stood up immediately. He remembered the last message she sent to him. “My daughter… Grace… I really failed, I really failed…” he muttered, and a drop of tears slid down his face.  
.
  TO BE CONTINUED..,
.
  Wuuuuuu…🥺
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER SIXTY NINE. 6️⃣9️⃣
.
     ❣️❣️The peasant—prince ❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*

Don found out that Lord shark was behind Paulina’s abduction after having a chat with her about it, and he reported it to Mr. Ethan immediately. Upon getting the information, Mr. Ethan paid a visit to Mr. Hearst (Steven’s father)—they once worked on a deal together in the past, Mr. Ethan and his father were part of the few people that knew the anonymous mafia boss. Mr. Hearst was filled with guilt after Mr. Ethan told him about his granddaughter, because he owe a lot to Mr. Ethan’s father in the past. In order to set things right, he summoned lord shark over, and they set the trap for Mr. Packard together. 
**
**
  MR. ETHAN’S WAREHOUSE^^^
^
  Mr. Ethan couldn’t stop laughing after he got the news of Mr. Packard’s arrest. 

    “All greedy politicians think alike, I knew he would fall for the trap,” he said, still laughing. “How is Charlotte?” He asked Don who delivered the news to him. 

    “I already sent her to Mr. Louis’s hospital, she fainted after the whole incident,”

   “That girl is really weak. I wonder how she survived this long on her own,” 

  Don checked his phone when a message beeped in, and he gasped after reading it. 

   “What’s it?” Mr. Ethan asked already impatient. 

    “Ms. Grace is d£ad,”

    “She is d£ad? So fast?” Mr. Ethan said, and Don looked at him. “How could she dle? What kllled her?”

   “A fire accident,”

   “What the d@rm fire!” Mr. Ethan blurted in furry. 

    “Boss…”

   “I wanted her o commit sulcide, I wanted her to take her own life. I wanted her to feel the same pain that Charlotte left before she attempted suicide. Why did the fire had to get involved?” He shouted, and kicked the table beside him. “Go back to my granddaughter. That man can act rashly now that his daughter is gone,”

   “Yes, sir. And I received news from the prosecutor. They have enough evidence to ensure that Mr. Packard will rot in jail, a seize and seizure warrant have been approved, and our spy there already took the prosecutor around. They discovered Mr. Packard hidden basement, and other proof,”

    “Do you think he is going to stay quiet in jail after losing in daughter? I was also in jail, but look at me now, here I’m getting my revenge,”

   “Boss, but we can’t do anything about it,”

   “Let’s see how the trail goes,” Mr. Ethan muttered, and Don bowed. 

   “I have to return to Miss Paulina now,”

   “You should. Take good care of my granddaughter. Protect with your life,” 

    “My life belongs to you, boss,” with that, he left. 

   “That d@rm  fire…” Mr. Ethan grumbled, and threw a fist in the air. 
**
**
  THE HOSPITAL^^^
^
  Paul sat in the  waiting room devastated, after hearing the news of Grace passing. She dled before getting to the hospital, she already dled from the overdose she took, even before the fire broke out. 

  Tears flow freely from his face, and he felt a hand on his shoulder. He looked ip and saw Louis— coincidentally , the hospital happened to be where Louis works. 

    “Are you relived that she is gone?” He muttered, and Louis gave him a weird look. 

   “Why would I be relieved?”

   “You thought she tried to klll Charlotte, you thought she was the one behind everything that happened to Charlotte, so you must be happy,”  

    “Why would I be? Grace was also my friend,”

    “She was? She was our friend for years, we watched each other grow up, we attended kindergarten together, we protected her together, me and you because she is a girl. We were friends even before Charlotte entered the picture, and she has always regard you as a friend. Even when she asked you to leave, when she sent you out of her house in anger, she cried herself to sleep that night looking at our childhood picture. That picture was her wallpaper all these years, even when you cut ties with her, she still considered you her friend. That was the Grace we knew Louis, that was the Grace that was our friend, my best friend 

    “Paul…”

    “She could never hurt anyone. She protected Paulina from her father when she thought Charlotte passed away, she never tried to hurt her. She could look so mean… but she has a pure heart, she could never try to kill anyone, not even Charlotte. She hated Charlotte because of the one-sided feelings she has for me… Grace was a good person, I know better because I was her friend for so long, and we were married for 19 years. She couldn’t hurt anyone, so why did she hurt herself? Why? Why did she do it? Why did she commit suicide?”

    “Suicide? I thought it was a fire accident. Was it arson?”

    “No. You are a doctor, so you should know better. It’s not possible for her to dle immediately she was brought out. She took overdose… she klled herself with her insomnia pills,”

    “What?”

    “Grace kllled herself, Louis. She decide to end our years of friendship that way. She didn’t want to be just friends, she left me instead of signing the divorce papers,” he cried, and Louis patted his shoulder.

  He managed to calm down later, and wiped his tears. 

   “How is my daughter? I was told you are the doctor in charge,”

    “Yeah. I’m in charge of all the VIP patients. Your daughter is fine, she is already out of danger, we just have to wait for her to wake up,”

    “Thank you, Louis. I should see her,” with that, he left. 

    “Charlotte was abducted by Grace father, turned out he has been the one behind everything. But I can’t tell you that right now,” Louis muttered, staring at Paul’s retreating back. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Stanley hurried out of his class immediately school dismissed, and went to Jessica’s class. He waited for by the door till she came out, and he surprised her with a back hug. 

   “Let go of me,” she whined, pulling away. 

   “Are you still angry at me? You were with Jake throughout the party yesterday, you didn’t even spare me a glance. You ignored my message too,” 

   “I was simply reciprocating the same energy. Relationship is supposed to be fun, this night be e first, but I feel neglected,” she said, and he peeked her cheek  

   “I’m sorry. Everything just feels too good to be real. You, Jessica. The heiress of Haven group is my girl…” he said, and embraced her. 

   “You should feel honored and treat me well,” she muttered, and he kissed her. 

👤*gosh, are they dating?*
👤*isn’t that Jessica and Stanley?* 
👤*when did they start dating?*
   
   The few students that passed by grumbled words, pointing fingers at them. 

    “Shall we go on a date?” He whispered in her ears. 

    “No,” she muttered. 
 
    “Why? Are you still angry?”

    “Not that,”

     “So, why no? Oh! You are preparing for the exam,”

    “I have other plans. I am escorting dad to a meeting,”

    “Oh… you are always his date to every gathering,”

   “Yeah, and that will never change,” she said, and he smiled, wrapping his hands around her waist. 

    “Then I’ll walk you to the parking lot, he said, and she smiled. 

  They went to the parking lot talking about random stuff, and he looked around for her car. 

   “Your driver isn’t here,”

    “My dad is coming to pick me up. He is coming from the office, so he might be a little late,” 

    “Oh… I rode a bike to school, I can go get Austin’s car keys, we could wait in his car,” 

    “It’s fine. Let’s just wait here. He will soon be here,”

    “No. I can’t let you stand here. You should swag on the bike,” he said, and carried her to seat on his bike, while he stand next to her. “Your dad will be here, does that mean I’ll get to meet him?” he asked, immediately he realized it. 

    Jessica stared at him blankly unable to utter a word, and remembered her conversation with her father. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK to hours ago—in the morning***
*
   Jessica was having breakfast with her father, and started thinking of a way to tell him about her relationship with Stanley before he finds out himself because he always has a way of figuring things out. 

   “Say it away. What’s bothering you? I have to be at the office, so be quick,” her father said, and she chucked. 

    “Dad, what if I decide to have a boyfriend,” she muttered, and he smiled. 

    “You said you weren’t interested,” 

   “Well… I just…” 

   “Jessica, who are you?”

   “I’m Jessica Lockwood, the heiress of Haven group,”

   “Good. You are feee to have a boyfriend, I won’t stop that. You should have fun while you can,
It’s not like you are gong to marry whoever he is. But, you should always remember who you are. I sent you to holland high because of thier class status, I don’t want you to associate with the lower class, so if you will like anyone, if you will get involved with anyone you should remember who you are,”

    “But should that matter? It’s not like I’m getting married,”

    “Whoever you get involved with, whatever you do, will always be a part of you. You take after me so much that you are very realistic, you don’t even like Cinderella stories like other kids because you know it’s highly impossible for a peasant to marry a prince, and suddenly become a princess overnight,”

    “Dad… but what if the peasant was once a princess,”

    “The moment they became a peasant, then they are no longer a princess. Jessica, who is the guy?”

    “Come on, dad. I would have told you if it’s something serious. It’s just a crush,” 

    “You crushed on Mike for years, and you were heartbroken when he dated someone else,”

    “And it passed, this is a new crush,”

    “Get over it now if it doesn’t worth it. Whatever you do, whoever you get mixed with, will be a part of you forever,”

    “I understand, dad,” she muttered, and paid full concentration to her meal. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Stanley noticed that she was absentminded, so he pecked her lips to get her attention. 

    “I also don’t want to meet your dad, I’m scared that he might ask us to breakup,”

    “You haven’t even met him, but there he comes,” she muttered, and jumped down from his bike. “See you tomorrow,” she waved, and hurried away. 

    “I thought you are going on a date,” Austin said from behind. 

    “She just ditched me. She has plans with her father,”

   “She is literally her father’s wife. Mike also got ditched. Lina is studying in the library,” 

    “Is that so? Should we grab a drink?”

    “Who drinks in the afternoon?” Austij stated. 

    “We should grab a drink,” Micheal said, approaching them. 
*
  They all went to Mike’s suite, and they noticed that Stanley wasn’t in his right state. 

    “Do you have a problem with Jessica?” Micheal asked. 

    “Jessica? Are you this way because she ditched you? You have to get used to it, man. She is literally her father’s wife,” Austin said. 

    “I’m leaving,” Stanley muttered. 

   “We just get here, and we are here because of you so why leave this soon?” 

    “I’m not leaving now, I’m leaving after the kid semester exam,” he muttered, and they all looked at him. 

    “What’s he getting at?” Austin blurted. 

   “You are leaving school,” Micheal stated. 
    
    “I’m leaving California,” he muttered. 

    “What?” They all shouted. 

   “Why leave?” Austin whined. 

    “Mum wants us to leave. We are going to Spain, all my effort to convince her proves abortive. She divorced dad because of me, so I should at least respect her decision to leave,”

    “Must you go with her?” Austin blurted. 

    “I can only be at ease if I am with her. I can’t send her to Spain alone,”

    “But she isn’t a child!” Austin lashed. 

    “Can’t you stay?” Micheal muttered, and he shook his head. 

    “Then what’s going to happen to us if you leave? Sliver left, but we now have Steven, but you, who can ever replace you? How can we get a genius friend? What’s going to happen to us, MASS?” Austin lashed. 

    “I’m sorry, man,”

    “If you are sorry then stay!” Austin shouted. 

     “Do you have relatives there?” Micheal asked, and Stanley nodded. 

    “My mother’s maternal grandparents are there. My mum is half Spain, that her maternal homeland,” 

   “How are you going to live there?” Micheal inquired. 

   “Fine enough. We are going to a small village by the countryside, my grate grandparents own farmlands, not just any farmland, they own the biggest farm, and my grate grandfather has been the village head for years. You see, I am going to be just fine,”

   “Are you seriously proud of that?” Austin snapped. 

   “Do you want to leave?” Micheal asked, and he shook his head. 

   “But mum wants to. I might be able to bear all the humiliations because I have you guys, but I am the only one mum has, I have to go,” 

    “If you leave, then you are a traitor!” Austin blurted, and left. 

    “Why not try to convince her? At least till we finish high school,” Steven said. 

    “I wish I could. But I have never seen my mother so determined before,”

     “Austin is just sulking. But I guess I also need space, I can’t breathe properly here,” with that, Micheal left. 

    “The air here is indeed stuffy. We should leave,” Steven muttered, and patted Stanley’s shoulder before leaving. 
**
**
  THE DETENTION CENTER ^^^
^
  The arrest warrant issued for Mr. Packard was approved, and he was sent to the detention center, and his lawyer paid him a visit,  telling him how difficult it would be for him to be ruled innocent because of all the evidence and charges against him. 

   “But we will do our best to get you a light sentence,” he concluded, and Mr. Packard nodded before he left. 
*
He was taken to court later for his first hearing, and the prosecutor announced all his charges

   “Defendant, do you admit to all the prosecutor’s charges?” The judge asked. 

   “I admit to all the charges, I’m guilty as charged, Mr. Packard muttered, and everyone was taken aback, including Mr. Donald who never expected him to surrender that easily. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Waooh… 😮
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER SEVENTY. 7️⃣0️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️The arrogant doctor❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 Ava opened her eyes, and looked around scanning her environment. She was at a hospital, and a nurse was in her ward. 

   “You’re awake, ma’am,” the nurse said, and she looked away trying to remember everything that happened. 

  The nurse left the ward later, and a doctor went to check up on her giving her his cutest smile. 

   “I’m so glad you are awake, Ava. Your father has been so worried,” Louis(the doctor) said. 

  Ava let out a sigh in disgust at how informally the doctor speaks to her. 

    “Can you lift your fingers?” He asked, and she exhaled heavily. 

   “I’m fine, Doctor. My vision and motion are all fine. I can’t just seem to remember how I was brought here, and how long I have been here,” she muttered. 

   “You’ve been here since two days, you were involved in a fire accident,” he said, and her eyes widened in shock. 

    “Fire accident?” She muttered, and instantly remembered everything. 

    “My mother, what happened to my mother? How is she doing?” She asked, and Louis bowed his head. 

    “I’ll inform your father that you are awake, he has been really worried about you. You should get some rest,” 

    “What about my mother? How is she doing?”

   “I’m not in the position to answer that. Call the nurse if you need anything, I’ll be on my way now,” he said. 

    “Why are you being so rude?” She blurted, and he looked at her. 

    “Pardon?”

    “First, you speak informally to me, and now your won’t even answer my question. Are you trying to insult me?” She blurted. 

    “You must have fully recovered. You are just like her, your mother. Call the nurse if you need anything,” with that, he left, and she scoffed. 
*
  Paul hurried to the hospital after getting  news about Ava, he rushed to her ward and met the ward scattered, with a nurse with her trying to calm her down. 

   “Ava, what happened?” 

   “How can I live this way? Why do I have this scar on my face? Why?!” She screamed. 

   “Relax, Ava. There was fire, and something fell on your face, leaving that scar behind,”

     “Do you expect me to live this way? You should have left me in that fire!” She screamed, and broke down in tears. 

  Paul gestured the nurse to leave, and went to embrace her. 

   “I can’t live this way… my beautiful face….”she cried. 

   “We will fix it, Ava. I’ll get the best plastic surgeon to fix it for you. You have to wait for the scar to heal completely,”

    “How am I going to live till then? How am I going to live…” she cried. 
*
  She managed to relax later, and they summoned a janitor to clean the ward. 

    “Dad, how is mum?” she asked, and Paul embraced her. 

    “Your mu-..”

    “Dad, there is a rude doctor here I want you to sanction, he was speaking informally to me like I’mno his child, and he refuse to tell me about mum even when I asked nicely,” 

   “Rude Doctor…. I will look into it,”
   
     “And mum, is she still admitted? I heard that I’ve been here for two days,” 

    “Ava… your mother…”

    “Dad, just say it. Is she in a critical condition? I am not a child,”

    “Yeah, you aren’t a child anymore. Our little angel is all grown, and she is not even an angry anyone,” he teased, and she chuckled. 

    “What? Am I a dem0n now?”

    “I didn’t say that,” he grumbled, and she laughed. 

    “Dad, I was so scared,” she muttered later. 

   “Scared about what?”

    “When mum took me to that house I was so scared, scared that you’d abandon me. There was no water, I couldn’t even wash up, so I can’t imagine staying there for another day,”

    “I’ll never abandon you, Ava. Whose father abandon his child,”

    “Daddy…” she shuddered, in tears. 

    “I don’t care what the paper says, or what your blood type is. You will always be my daughter,” 

    “Dad, I’m not a good child, I talk back at you and was disrespectful to you. I have done a little of bad things that I thought dying in that fire was my punishment… thank you for saving me, father,”

   “I am happy that you are fine, even though I was late, and couldn’t save your mother,” he muttered, and she looked at him. 

   “My mother? Mum? What happened to her?”

   “Ava… your mother… Grace…” he shuddered, and she shook her head. 
   
   “No, dad! No, no! Nothing happened to my mother, tell me she is fine, tell me she is in a critaical condition and we have to pray for her to wake up, tell me I am going to see my mother. Tell me that dad,” she cried, and he embraced her. 

   “I’m sorry, Ava but I can’t tell you that,”

    “Noooooo…. Mummyyyyy… bring back my mum. Noooooo….” She wailed. 
*
  Ava cried herself to sleep later, and Paul left after she was fast asleep. Not long after Paul left, Paulina arrived at the hospital with Don. After her father told her about the incident, she couldn’t concentrate on anything. The thought that Ms. Grace dled, and Ava was admitted, was all difficult to believe. Everything happened so fast that she didn’t know what came over her as she asked Don to take her to the hospital. 

  She went to her ward, and met her asleep, the scar on her face made Paulina wonder how she would react after seeing it. She intend to leave later when a doctor went in to check on her. 

    “Good afternoon, doctor,” she greeted, and the doctor smiled. 

    “You must be worried about her,” Louis said. 

   “I was startled to hear the news, and… that scar, is it going to fade later? I doubt if Ava can live with it,”

   “It will heal, but it will leave a huge scar behind. She can get a surgery once it heals completely,”

    “It’s going to take a while… how she is going to live before then…”

    “You must be really close to her,” he said, and she shook her head. 

    “Not really. I should get going, I’m sure she won’t be happy to see me so it’s just good that she was asleep. Take good care of her, doctor. Her father will be disheartened if anything happens to her,” 

    “I’ll do my best,”

    “Thank you,” with that, she left, and Louis didn’t stop staring at her retreating Jack till she was out of sight. 

    “Professor, do you know her?” The doctor with him asked. 

   “She is just alike, she is just like her mother. How come they both take after their mothers?” He muttered. 

    “Sir…” 
*
 Paulina was heading for the parking lot with Don trailing behind her when she saw a familiar figure that looks like her mother. 

   “Mum?” she muttered, and started following the person. 

   “Miss Paulina, are you looking for something?” Don asked. 

   “No, I just…”

    “What is it?” He asked, looking around. 

    “Nothing. How can mum be here? What am I even thinking?” she grumbled, looking at her bracelet. “That woman that passed, looked so much like my mother from behind,”

    “Hun?”

   “Never mind. I guess it’s true that ghosts do walk around in hospital environment,” she muttered, and continued on her way. 
**
**
  THE POLICE STATION^^^
^
  The police confirmed the owner of the abandoned building, and it lead them to Grace campaign manager, Kira. She was summoned to the police station, and Paul was informed as well. 

  Paul arrived at the police station, and Kira bowed her head in shame upon seeing him. 

   “It was you? How could you take her to such place? The building look like it could collapse, and the electricity was faulty. How could you take her to a place petroleum was stored?” He shouted, grabbing her shirt. 

   “Forgive me, sir. I didn’t know that the electricity was faulty, neither do I know that petroleum was stored there,” 

   “What made you take her there?”
    
    “Mayor asked me to take her to a place out of reach from the press, the request came in a rush, and that was the only place that crossed my mind. She told me it was just for a night, I didn’t know that all those could happen,” 

   “Who stored the petroleum there?”

    “It must be my uncle. We already disconnected the electricity, but he connected it back himself during his visit. He is the only one who goes there, and he works at a petroleum station, he is a manager. It could only be him,” 

    “Give the police all the information you have about him. I’m going to press charges, someone has to be held responsible,” with that, he left. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN GREENWOOD’S MANSION^^^
^
  Sage tossed and turned on his bed unable to sleep. It was his birthday, and his family threw a surprise party for him at midnight which was thier usual culture, so it wasn’t even a surprise anymore. It was a weekend, and his friends didn’t stop bugging him to throw a petty   It was his 18th birthday, and he actually planned to throw a petty at the resort Paulina rejected him but the thought of going there shin and remembering that day made him change his mind. 

  He heard a knock on the door, and he removed his blanket already angry. 

    “Clara, just go away!” He shouted, and the door slugs open as expected, but instead of his sister to show up, it was Sophia. 

    “Happy birthday, Sage!” She shouted, and dropped the present she brought before embracing him. 

    “What’s this? What are you doing?” He muttered, unable to hide in laughters. 

    “What? It’s a surprise. Birthday should be filled with surprises,” she said, and he started looking around. 

     “Are you alone?” He asked, and she nodded. 

    “Sorry to disappoint you, but yes. Lina and I are supposed to come together, but she couldn’t make it. She had cramps,” 

    “Oh…” he muttered, and took his phone, but she collected the phone from him. “What?” 

    “You aren’t going to text her, are you?” 

   “You said she had cramps,”

    “Yes, she does. But it’s your birthday, Sage. You are in no position to worry about anyone,”

     “Come on, because it’s my birthday doesn’t mean I shouldn’t worry about my friend that is sick,” 

    “It’s just cramp. I also have that every month. Mine always last three days! She is going to be fine. She is your friend, and another friend is here too!” She lashed, and he inhaled deeply. “Can you ever get over her?” She grumbled. 

    “Kids, birthday celebrant and his friend, come down for breakfast,” they heard his mother said knocking the door. 

    “It’s my mum. I hope you haven’t had breakfast yet,” He asked, and she shook her head. 
*
  They went to join the others in the garden for a special breakfast, and he gasped upon seeing what they set. 

   “Mum! Are you inviting anyone?”

    “Come on, son. It’s your birthday, we shouod enjoy a feast,” his father said. 

   “But we did that already,” 

    “You talk too much, bro. Sophie, come sit here,” Clara said, and Sophie smiled before going to sit next to her. 

     “I thought that’s my seat,” Sage grumbled. 

    “Sit wherever after you are done sulking,” she teased, and they all laughed. 
*
  They all had breakfast talking about random stuffs, and Mr. Greenwood asked Sophia a lot about her family, while his wife tries to change the topic till they wrap up breakfast. 

They all sat together to enjoy a picnic, and Clara played the violin to entertain them. 

    “Wow! My girl, you are so good,” her mother applauded, giving her a thump up. 

  Mrs. Greenwood and Sophia cheered her when she was done, and the men scoffed. 

    “Are you into violin now?” Mr. Greenwood asked. 

    “Yes, she asked me to enroll her in a class for it. Look at her honey, she learnt so fast,” 

    “Clara you are really greedy, can’t you stick to one dream. You are being selfish and mean to the things you always call your dreams,” Sage said. 

     “It’s better than having no dreams, I’m not like somebody “ 

     “Hey! Who are you directing that at?” He lashed. 

    “Who says your brother doesn’t have a dream? If you learn that fast, you should out in that effort to your studies too. So you can become the prosecutor, and your brother can focus on a direction,”

    “Who says she isn’t doing well? Clara is improving. Our daughter is doing well, but Sage will be the prosecutor. Just leave Clara alone, someone with diverse dreams will make a good impact in your company,” 

    “That’s not the way to dream!” Clara lashed, and went to seat. 

    “I also once had a dream,” Sage muttered, and excused himself. 

    “Oh, he is already angry. Why did you bring up the company?” Mrs. Greenwood muttered. 

    “You also mentioned being a prosecutor. It’s his birthday, and we managed to ruin his mood again,” Mr. Greenwood said. 
*
 Sage returned to his room, and Sophia followed. 

   “Looks like you will have to live a double life,” she muttered, and he looked at her. 

    “I had enough of them. It’s like an anthem  now. They have been like that since I was a child,”

    “What do you really want?” 

     “I don’t know,”

    “You said you had a dream, I heard that,”

    “If dream is something you want to achieve, then it’s not a must is a professions from my end, it isn’t a profession. Look at Clara, being a violinist is like her 20th dream, while I have to listen to my parents debate on what I will do in the future. It’s so tiring,” 

    “Then what’s that dream?” She asked. 

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

    “For the first time, Sophie. I wanted something. But it’s not mine, so I can’t even call it a dream. I got rejected,”

    “Paulina?” 

    “What do I do? I got caught. But I should really dream about something now. I will finish high school, and will need to choose a major. If I want to be a prosecutor, then I’ll go for law, if I want to work at the company, then I have to study agriculture. At the end, I might study both. It’s so exhausting. But that should be-…” he was saying, and she embraced him. “What are you doing?” He grumbled. 

    “I’m sure you will be fine. When the future comes, you will choose the right major. Don’t stress over that. And I’m sure you will gradually get over her too. It’s your birthday, don’t ruin the mood,” 

    “Sophie… do you care for some barbecue?” She heard Clara shouted from outside. 

    “It’s my birthday, and you are the one offered barbecue?” Sage grumbled. 

     “Yesss!” Sophie shouted. “Bye. I want barbecue,” she winked, and ran out. 
*
  She joined them to have barbecue, and Sabe joined lager as well. 

    “Son, do you have plans?” Mrs. Greenwood asked. 

    “Why ding you want to throw a party. You should throw a party with your friends,” Mr. Greenwood said. 

    “My friends are also insisting. But… I didn’t make any plans,” 

    “Well. It’s good that your birthday is in the weekend, we have today and tomorrow, so—…”

   “No, mum. I am not going fishing. I refuse. NEVER! It’s my birthday, let me at least do what I will enjoy,”

    “What’s wrong with fishing? It’s fun,” Clara grumbled. 

    “Come on, son. You can’t be indoor on your birthday, I refuse that!”

    “No fishing. The kids have exam coming up,” 

    “I’m sure they will do well. They will always do well. Even if we don’t go, they won’t use that time to study,”

    “Who goes fishing on his birthday?” Sophia grumbled.

    “Exactly! Who goes fishing on thier birthdays?” Mr. Greenwood said, and that was when she realized she said that aloud. 

    “You also don’t like fishing?” Clara asked. 

   “Is it fun?” She asked back. 

   “It’s not fun. Just be like that, and don’t be like them!” Sage shouted, and covered her ears. 

     “You two are a perfect match, you have that in common,” Mrs. Greenwood said,‘a Sophia smiled. 
*
  Sage and his father prepared fire together to make more barbecue, while his mother excused herself to receive a call, and Sophia and Clara sat together chattering. 

    “Do you like Sage?” Clara asked, and Sophia looked at her. 

    “What?”
    
    “You can’t even deny it,”

    “How could you tell? Sage don’t even have the slightest idea,”

    “He is such a f0ol,” Clara grumbled, and they both laughed. “Don’t like my brother,” she muttered, and Sophia looked at her. 

    “Why? Because I don’t like fishing?” 

    “Of course not,”

    “You think I’m not good enough for him,”

   “Not that. He didn’t know that you like him because he never looked at her, and that means he doesn’t feel the same. You are only going to get hurt if you keep liking him. Few girls get hurt because of their one-sided feelings. I read books a lot, so I know. I once wanted to be a writer, so I I read a lot,” she said, and Sophia managed to chuckle. 
*
  Sage offered her a ride later, and they both went to the parking lot. 

    “Come on, my driver will be here soon,” 

    “I already offered you a ride,” he said, and they both entered the car. 

    “If you don’t have plans later, we should go out. It’s your birthday, you shouldn’t be indoor,” 

     “I know. My friends are throwing a party for me. They will never let me be on a day as this. You should come too,”

    “Of course, I will! Why will you think of throwing a party behind my back?”

    “You will meet a lot of guys there,”he muttered, and her jaw dropped. 

     “Is that why you want me to be there?”

     “You should get over that jerk that won’t even look at you. Meet a lot of good people,” 

     “I will decide that myself,”

     “Sophie, you should get over him,”

    “What’s it to you?”

   “I know how it feels to harbor an unreciprocated feeling,” 

    “I’ll take care of my own feeling,”

   “Don’t like me, Sophie,” he muttered, and she looked at him. 

    “Hooowww…” she shuddered. 

    “I overheard your conversation with Clara. I was such a fo0l, even my sister who just met you knew what I failed to realize. For your own good, don’t like me,” he muttered, and she sniffed in. 

    “As I said, I’ll take care of my own feelings.I’ll call my driver,” with that she alighted from his car in tears. 
**
**
   GRACE’S FUNERAL HALL^^^
^
   Mr. Packard was escorted by police officers from the Detention Centre to attain the funeral. 

 He entered the hall, and all eyes fell on him. He made a fist trying to control his tears, and Ava ran to embrace him. 

   “Grandpa…” she cried. “What do I do now grandpa? Mum is gone, and you are this way, what will happen to me now?” She break down in tears, and he bend down to pat her back. 

 “Ava, listen to me. Grandpa agreed to be locked up, because I failed to protect your mother. When I think I’m punished enough and all the guilt fade away, I’ll return to you. Till then, be a good girl. Your father will never abandon you,” he assured. 

    “But what if you are ruled guilty, what will happen to me then?” 

   “I’m already guilty because I couldn’t protect your mother. I abandoned her because I thought she will do well on her own, but I was wrong. Be a good girl while you wait, I won’t make you wait too long,” he reassured, and she embraced him. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  What now ? 🤔
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER SEVENTY ONE. 7️⃣1️⃣
.
     ❣️❣️A new family❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^^
^
 Ava was discharged from the hospital, and Paul escorted her to her room. 

    “Ava, I would sent you abroad so you can relax properly, but… I know you will protest, your scar hasn’t been healed yet,“

    “Daddy, it’s just the both of us now,” she muttered, and he held her hand. 

    “Wnd Paulina,” he said, and she shot him a glare. “Ava, Paulina is your sister, you have to accept it now, and stop causing troubles,”

    “Now, I’m a troublemaker! Paulina is your biological daughter, so it’s appropriate for you to think I’m causing her troubles. I’m just here from pity anyways,” 

    “Who says pity? Ava, if yoy will be this way, then you should h be here,”

    “Dad…”

   “You have always been my daughter, if you will talk about pity now, that means you don’t regard me as your father,”

    “Dad, Lina will try to step on me because she is your biological daughter, even if you accept me, it won’t change her motives. I can’t live like that dad, I can’t live that way when everything was supposed to be mine. It has all been mine from the start dad, I don’t know how to share what’s mine. And now… it feels like it was never mine,” 

    “Everything is still yours, you just have to learn to share. First group belongs to you and Paulina, the both of you are the future of this family. So just learn to share,”

    “Now, I have to share,”

    “Ava, don’t make this difficult. I want you and Paulina to get along as sisters, that’s the only way we can all live in harmony,”

    “Sister? Then sisters it is,” she muttered, and he smiled. 

    “Get some rest, Ava. You need rest,” with that, he left. 
**
 Paulina was studying in her room when she heard a knock on the door, she uttered a response and lit waht she was doing behind. 

    “Dad,” she called when Paul walked in. 

   “Ava was discharged today,”

    “Oh…”

    “I’m sorry I didn’t let you attend the funeral. There are nosy reporters everywhere, so we have to be careful,” 

    “It’s fine dad. How is Ava?”

    “Paulina, Ava just lost her mother, so I want you to be nicer to her. You are my daughter, so is she. She still have a deep wound, and she needs all the love she can get to help her heal soon,”

    “Dad, do receiving love helps heal the wound of losing someone close to you?”

   “That’s the only way we can help them,”

    “Then you should have tried to help me too,” 

   “Paulina…”

   “Dad! I lost my mum when I was just brought here. I was introduced to an entire new world I never knew exist. A step mother who saw me as a burden to her election, a father who did nothing when I was bullied, and a sister Whois willing to do anything to get rid of me. I won’t be nice to her, dad. I refuse to be nice to her,”

    “Do you want to take revenge on Ava. Paulina… you are a better person than that,”

    “You should have raised her properly as well. If you have raised her properly, I won’t be suffering this much. I was all alone when I was brought here. I was all alone… but no body tried to help me heal,” she cried, and he embraced her 

    “I know. I was a bad father, I’m a bad father. I didn’t shower you with love, and I didn’t raise Ava properly. It’s all my fault, so help me repel. Let’s start a new, me, you, and Ava. A new family,” he said, and she wrapped her hands around him. 
**
**
 HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
 Students arrived at school and started grumbling about the exam. 

  Lia arrived at school and went to embrace Alicia. 

   “Hey, girl. Congratulations on your father’s inauguration,” Lia said. 

    “Why are you making a fuss from that? It’s not like I care about his election. But anyways, thanks!”

    “It’s a win because you won that ba$tard,”

    “Lia… Ava is our friend,”

    “I cut all ties with her after that scandal. What scandal? That fact!”

    “That’s enough. Seems like you are already prepared for the exam,”

    “Who cares about the exam? Alicia, your father seems sure that Ava was a b@stard. All the evidence says it all. Her blood group confirmed it already, so why didn’t he reveal her biological father? I’m sure you know him, just reveal it so we can put that ba$tard in her place,”

    “Lia, Ava lost her mother,”

    “What? Did her mother commit sulcide because she didn’t win the election? That’s so pathetic!”

    “What you are saying now is pathetic. It was a fire accident,”

    “Oh… too bad. But, who is Ava biological father?”
     
    “My father see no use in revealing it since he already win the election. So, let leave that,”

    “Which means she is truly a ba$tard, yet her father is still protecting her onscreen, we don’t know what’s behind the scene actually,” 

    “I really feel bad for her. She just lost her mother, and she might lose everything soon,”

    “Why are you acting concern?”

   “Concern? What are you saying? Ava is our friend!”

    “I never considered her a friend. She was too fo0l of herself after she returned from England. Gosh, I had enough of her. We should put her in her place,” 

    “Count me out. Ava was our friend,”

    “Was? I love that. You also know she don’t fit in anymore, ba$tards don’t,” 

     “But still… I’m not revealing anything,”

    “Then tell me at least,”

    “Go away!”

    “Come on, Alicia,” Lia grumbled, clinging to her as they head to class. 
**
  Austin and Steven alighted from Austin’s car, and Rae approached them. 

   “Hi guys,” she waved. 

   “Hi,” Steven muttered, and winked at Austin before leaving. 

    “What’s that? Hi, Rae. Wait for me, bro!” Austij shouted, and intend to leave but Rae dragged him back. 

     “Why are you avoiding me?”

    “Am I suppose to cling to you?”

   “You said we should be friends,”

     “I can’t be friends with a girl, especially one with a boyfriend.  I don’t have female friends, because I can’t keep it clean. Are we good now?”

    “You just admit to avoiding me because of Derick,” 

    “For F¥ck sake, Rae! Derick is my friend, I was oblivious to your relationship and had a thing with you. I feel like trash, you cheat on Derick with me, and I had no idea about that,”

   “How dare you call me a cheat?”

    “Then what should I call it? You were with Derick, but something happened between us. This doesn’t make sense. You were like… two-timing!” He blurted, and she slapped him. 

    “It all started that day. The day at the sport house, was our first day,”

    “That’s a relief. But it changes nothing. I can’t be friends with you, so don’t cheat on Derick with me,”

    “We broke up,”
     
     “What?”

    “Derick and I broke up. We realized we are better off as friends, so we broke up ,” 

    “Why are you always breaking up with everyone within weeks? You never lasted long in a relationship,”

    “Are we good now? Can we be friends now?”

    “No. I don’t want to be friends with you, and I’m even scared of thinking of dating you. We might just end up breaking up within a week. Gosh… this is crazy. Are you engaged to someone?”

    “You prejudiced me earlier about Derick, are you going to do that again?”

    “I’m sorry. I just felt bad. Derick is my friend, and I don’t want any sort of misunderstanding,”

    “The mid semester exam start today, and your training will begin right after. We might not see you around at school often,”

    “Yeah,I’ll begin my training after the exam, but I can’t skip classes because of that. I’ll go for training right after school, and train at the basketball court during recess. My coach is really persistent,”

    “Since you made a lot of mistakes, I assume you owe me an apology,” 

    “What are you getting at?”

    “After you win the championship, let’s have a drink. You treat,”

    “A drink?”

   “You can’t say no, you owe me, so it’s your treat. I have something to tell you,”

    “What’s it?”
    
    “Till then, after you win the championship,” with that, she left. 

    “What? What’s that about? Now, I’m feeling the chills I really have do win even though I want to win before,” he muttered. 

    “Win what?” Michael asked from behind.

   “It’s Rae. She said she has something to tell me after I win the championship,”

    “Oh… since she didn’t say if your grades improve, then I assume she really wants to tell you,” Micheal said, and Austin glared at him. 

   “Good morning, brothers. Where is Steven?” Stanley asked, approaching them. 

    “Don’t talk to me!” Austin blurted, before leaving. 

    “What’s wrong with him? How long will he keep that up?” Stanley grumbled. 

    “He is just sulking,” Micheal assured. 

   “It’s taking longer this time!” Stanley snapped, before leaving. 

    “Why is he lashing at me?” Micheal grumbled. 
*
  The MASS were all in thier suite waiting for the exam time, when Austin suddenly gasped. 

    “What’s it?” Stanley asked, and took his phone. 

   “Ava’s biological father is revealed. Someone posted it on the website,” he said. 

    “What?” They all shouted

  Micheal scrolled through his phone and stood up immediately. 

   “It’s really unbelievable,” Austin said. 

    “Isn’t he the man in the scandal during her mother’s campaign?” Stanley said. 

    “Let’s go, guys,” Micheal muttered, and stormed out. 

    “Where to? The exam won’t start anytime soon!” Austin shouted. 

    “I think he has something else to attend to. Come on, let’s go,” Stanley said, and they all ran after Micheal. 
**
 Paul dropped off Paulina and Ava at school, and they all walk in together while Ava tried to cover the scar on her face with her hair. They walked down the hallway and students pointed fingers at them, Ava felt insecure with thoughts that they were pointing at her face, she wanted to run back when a group of students approached her. 

   “Who called who a queen?” The leader jeered, and Ava looked away. “What’s she called?” The girl shouted. 

   “The ba$tard queen!” The others shouted, and started throwing things at her. 
 
👤”get out of our school our school, ba$tard!”
👤”you are no queen!”
👤”you are a ba$tard!”
👤”you don’t deserve to be here!”
👤”you don’t deserve to be at this school!”
👤”get out of our school!”
👤”go to h£ll!”

  Students shouted throwing things at her, and she fell down in tears hoping for an escape until they all halt, and she looked up to see the MASS. 

   “Whoever talks behind my back, will be sanctioned,” Micheal said, and they all flinched in fear. 

   “What’s he doing?” Austin grumbled, and Stanley shook his shoulder. 

  “Let’s go,” Micheal muttered, and stretched his hands towards her. 

   She contemplated wondering if it’s a trap, but she accepted his hand and he dragged her away leaving everyone in shock. 
*
  They get to a quiet place, she freed herself from him. 

   “Why did you get involved?”

    “Because you once did the same. Did you want me to say that?” He asked back. 

    “When did I ever do that?”

    “When I wanted to broadcast my true identity to the school, why did you came to the broadcasting station that day? Wasn’t it because you wanted to stop me?” 

    “You assume too much,”

  “You only threaten to reveal it to others, but you didn’t,”

    “I was waiting for the perfect time “ 

   “Whatever! I didn’t get involved became of that. Lina texted me, she already saw the post on the website, and she asked me to get involved,”

   “Lina did that?”

   “Ava, just be good to her and stop seeing her as a competitor,”

   “What do even know?” 

   “More than what you are imagining,”

   “What are you getting at?”

   “You understand what I meant,”

   “Paulina told you?”
    
    “She doesn’t have to tell me. I have my ways in figuring things out. Just be good to Lina, otherwise I will be the one to reveal to everyone that she is the real Stanford,” having said that, he left. 
**
**
  LOUIS’S HOUSE^^^
^
  Charlotte was downhearted when Louis told her about Grace’s passing, upon getting the news, she could only remember the good memories they shared. 
*
  After mourning Grace for few days, she started thinking of the best way to bring up meeting her daughter since Mr. Packard has been apprehended. She thought of how to approach the situation, so she decided to tell Louis first. 

   “Louis, there is something I want to discuss with you,” 

    “I also have something to tell you,”

    “What?”

   “I don’t think you should meet Paulina now,”

    “Why? Mr. Packard has been apprehended, everything is good now,” 

    “Because of this,” he said, and gave her a test result. 

   “What’s this?” She muttered, looking at the result. 

   “When you were brought to the hospital, the doctor ran some tests on you. It confirmed that you have stage 1 cancer,”

    “What?” She shouted, and looked at the result. 

    “Don’t worry about it, it’s just the first stage and it’s curable. I contacted a friend of mine who is a doctor in the UK, he is the director at his hospital, and jw is very good at his job. He will be the one to treat you,”

    “What? You already did all that? Louis…”

    “Shhh… don’t be scared. My friend is an expert in that field, and I’ll be there too,”

    “You will be there?”

    “Yes. I already turned in my resignation, so we will travel to UK together to treat you,”

    “Louis…” she called in tears. 

    “You should’t meet your daughter yet, you should meet her when you are healthy. I already discussed it with your father, and he agreed that it was a good idea,” he said, and embraced her. 

   “Louis… I don’t want to dle…” she cried. 

   “You won’t  dle, I won’t let that happen,” he reassured. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Charlotte… 🙁
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER SEVENTY TWO. 7️⃣2️⃣
.
             ❣️❣️The result❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
  Ava had to call Paul to pick her up from school after everything that happened. She couldn’t bring herself to go to class, and when she went to her suite, her friends already changed the passcode, returning home and never stepping foot there again was her only escape because she can’t possibly call Lia or Alicia for the passcode when they obviously sent her out to humiliate her. 

 HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Paulina finished her exam for the day, and carried her bag to leave the class but Michael  dragged her back. 

   “What?” she grumbled. 

   “How was your the papers?”

   “Fine,” 

   “Are you mad at me? You were the one who asked me to get involved,” he said, and she looked at him. 

   “How do you know I was upset over that?” 

   “Because that could only be the reason,”

    “Everyone was saying stuffs after you left. They said you still be feelings m for her, they said it was obvious in the way to look at her, they said because you are still engaged to her, they said all sort of things that I regret asking you that, I wa-…” she was saying, and he embraced her. 

   “We both know that’s not true. They know nothing. My feelings for Ava dled the moment she called me a piece of trash, and I will cut off our engagement too. Don’t listen to them, Lina. I’ll only listen to you and do what pleases you because you are my girl,” he said, and she smiled. 

  She released from the embrace later and hit his chest. 

   “Argh… that hurt. Is that what I get for being romantic?”

   “I only asked you to get involved, I didn’t ask you to hold her hand that way. You made it seem like thier assumptions were real,”  she whined, and he smiled. 

  He hold her hand and intertwined thier fingers together. 

   “I didn’t hold her this way, you are the only one I hold this way,” he said, leading her out. “Where are you going? To the library?”

   “I don’t know. I didn’t do well in today’s exam,”

   “That’s bad. The exam was quite difficult,”

    “How can you tell? I doubt if you even read the questions. You were one of the first to submit “ 

   “Austin was the first. I just have to leave too, the class was stuffy. The atmosphere was too tensed, it’s not just my thing,”

   “Do you even do well in exams?”

   “I am better than Austin,”

    “What’s your GPA?”
     
    “Hey! Why are you asking that? Life is not about GPA. If you worry about GPA, you will never enjoy the bliss of high school,”

    “I see… I shouldn’t be having this conversation with you. Go away,” she said, and hit him away. 

    “I can’t wait for this exam to be over so we can have a proper date,”

    “You only worry about going on dates,”

   “I have more than enough worries but I refuse to let it get the better off me. I have really missed you,” 

    “We will go on many dates as we please… but after the exam, I got to run,” 

     “Where to?”

    “To those who worry about exam,” she winked, and run off. 

    “Hey!” He shouted. “Did I just got ditched again?” He grumbled. 
**
  Alicia waited for all thier other classmate to leave the class before she went to Lia. 

   “Lia, why did you do it?”

    “Did what?” Lia grumbled, looking away. 

   “I only told you, why did you post it on the website?”

    “Chill, girl. You didn’t tell me, you just gave me that hint. And I assumed that he could only be that mysterious bodyguard that was in the scandal with her mother. Gosh, why are you getting so worked up? Ava could do the same to us,”

    “And you could do the same to me as well! Is this what friendship is to you?” 

   “Get your tact together, Alicia. Ava was never  our friend! She stopped behind friends with us after she left years ago, she returned and didn’t even spare us a glance. We literally forced the whole friendship thing, while she see us as her minors. We even kicked Rae out because of her!”

    “You kicked Rae out!”
    
     “Yeah, I did. I kicked Rae out because I missed  that suite, but turns out Ava doesn’t deserve it. She is not a queen, she is nothing but a ba$tard that should be put in her place,”  

     “She could still kick us out of her suite,”

    “I already changed the passcode, she can’t access it anymore. It’s already ours, girl. She is nothing but a loser that shouldn’t step foot here again 

   “Now that Ava is officially out, and the suite is ours now. What do we do? It’s going to be boring with just the two of us,”

    “Who said we are two? We were always three from the start before that ba$tard returned,”

   “Rae! No, I protest. Rae is doing just fine without us, she doesn’t want to be friends with us anymore,”

   “But I still want to be friends with her. I really missed her,” 

   “Me too. But I doubt if she missed us at all. She didn’t even spare us a glance at Roy’s party,” 

    “You’re right,”

   “We should still give it a shot. Let’s go,”  
**
  Paulina joined Sage who was waiting for her at the parking lot. 

   “Let’s go, Sophie said she can’t make it. I don’t understand her, I decide for us to study together for the English exam tomorrow but she said she has prior arrangements. Let’s go,” she said

   “Lina, I was the jerk,”

   “Hun?”

   “The jerk Sophie like was me,”
    
   “She told you?”

   “You knew?” 

   “Did you reject her?”

   “Lina, Sophie is my friend, I can’t hurt her,”

    “But she is already hurting “

    “Have you forgotten that you also rejected me ?” He asked, and she bowed her head. “I need to get over that before o can ever be attracted to anyone again, and I can’t use Sophie to get over my heartbreak, I can’t hurt her because I know her feelings are genuine,” 

    “I’m sorry, Sage, I know I’m not in the position to comfort you. Let’s skip studying together since Sophie isn’t here,” she said, and he nodded. 

    “Good luck,” he muttered, and she alighted from his car. 
**
 Stanley wait behind for Jessica to finish up at school before going to her. 

   “You must be busy with your school president’s duties,”

   “YoI can say that again,”

   “You are busy and the exam is also overwhelming, so why do you want us to go on a date amidst all?”

   “The most stressful exam is over. Math is always the problem. I need to clear my head now,”

    “Was it hard?”
    
    “I’m sure it was a piece of cake to you,” 

     “Jessica….”

    “Don’t feel bad, I told you not to lose a point to me because I like you that way. I’ll work harder, and challenge you one day. You might beat me in math, but I’m better at the other subjects,” 

     “You’re really intelligent,”

    “Jessica, you are something else,” a boy said approaching them. 

    “Pardon?” she blurted. 

   “Max, did Jessica did something wrong to you?” Stanley asked. 

    “Rejecting me to date you is not right either. After rejecting almost all the guys, you end up dating someone with a messed up family! Gosh, I really adore your taste,” he blurted, and Stanley wanted to hit him, but Jessica held him back. 

    “You can try again when your family is ruined, then I might reconsider!” She lashed. “Let’s go, babe,” with that, she dragged Stanley away. 

    “I’m sorry about that,” Stanley muttered when they entered the elevator. 

    “He was caught cheating during the exam, and needed someone to lash on. Don’t let him get to you. Your family might be a mess, but your brain isn’t,” she said, and he chuckled. 
*
  They went to get matching clothes for a change, and spent all day together having fun until night falls, and he drove her home. 
*
  She went in, and was surprised to see her father by the main door entrance. 
    
    “Dad, you startled me!”

   “I was on my way out. Are you just getting back?”

   “Yes,”

    “From a party?”

    “No, I just hang out with my friend,”

   “Fiend? Jake?”

    “Dad, I have many other friends,”

    “Yeah, that remind me. You even have a new friend as well,”

     “What friend?”
    
    “That boy you are always complaining about. That math competitor…”

   Oh, Stanley?”

    “Yeah, how could I forget his name when you are always worked up because of him. I even have to get that professor for you,”

    “Oh… yeah, we are friends now. How did you know?”

   “I saw him at the parking lot with you the other day,“

   “Oh… yeah,” 

    “I see… his family is a mess. Are you aware of that?”

    “Dad, how is that my concern. I thought you have plans, you should leave. I need to rest,” 

     “End your friendship!”

   “Dad? Why are you interfering in my friendship?”

   “Because whoever you are friends with also have an impact in your life,”

    “We’ve been friends even before his parents divorce, how can you ask me to cut ties with him now?”

   “When did you start to disobey me?”

   “Because it’s not right. It’s not his fault that his family fell apart. We are just friends, so why make a fuss?”

   “Because yiu aren’t just friends!” He shouted. 

   “Dad…”

   “You were on a date with him, he was that peasant you tried to defend, so end it now. Whatever it is, either friendship or relationship,” having said that, he left and she ran to her room. 
*
 She arrived at school the following day, and Stanley went to meet her at the parking lot. 

   “You must be studying all night to ignore my messages, I understand,”

   “Stan… all my life I always listen to my father, I follow all his instructions because I believed he knows what’s best for me, but now I feel it’s unfair. How can I think someone understands me better than I do?” 
 
    “Because he wants us to breakup?”

   “Stan, how did you know?”

    “That could only be the reason. It’s understandable, even as a friend, I don’t stand a chance with you. My family is a mess, and you are Jessica Lockwood,”

    “Stan…”

   “We agreed to break up if you father ask us to, so let’s break up. I don’t want you to disobey your father because of me,”

   “What? You are breaking us up again!”

   “I’m sorry,” with that, he left, leaving her dumbfounded. 
*
  He joined his friends in thier suite, and didn’t exchange greetings before going to sit down. 

   “Hey! Are you ok?” Austin asked. 

   “Jessica and I broke up,”

   “Again?” They all shouted. 

  “Why? What happened? I thought you two are good. You even went on a date yesterday. Did you made a mistake?” Austij asked, and he inhaled deeply. 

   “Her father came to me yesterday,”

   “What?” They all shouted. 

   “I’m beginning to sweat,” Austin grumbled. 

   “He suddenly showed up by the doorway, and asked me to breakup with his daughter. That was it, he left, and I ended it,”

   “Just like that?” Michael asked. 

   “Man, you gave in like that?” Austin asked, and he nodded. 

   “I really suck, I know. I might be good with solving math problems, but I sucks at real problems so I decide to avoid it. I’m leaving anyways, I shouldn’t cause troubles for Jessica before leaving, that’s the least I can do. She has always respected her father, and followed his instructions, she thought he understands her better, so I shouldn’t make things complicated for her. We can’t be together forever, we will break up eventually, and I’m leaving too. So…” 

   “I can’t believe this. You broke up with Jessica so we aren’t getting the scooter because you didn’t last 100 days, you are leaving so we can’t get the beach house either. This is crazy,” Austin said. 

   “What beach house? Do you have a girl?” Micheal teased. 

   “No, for now!” 

  “Stan, you did the right thing. And it’s just perfect. We have exams to write, and you are leaving soon anyways so we can spend time quality while we can so your breakup is perfect,” Micheal said. 

  “Add this too, “and Lina is always studying so I get ditched every time,” that girl is such a nerd,” Austin said, and ran off before Micheal could hit him. 
.**
  Paulina arrived at school, and was rushing in from the parking lot when she bumped into someone, but t he person kept walking and didn’t look back. 

   “I’m sorry!” she shouted, and noticed that the woman dropped something. 

  She picked up the handkerchief and spun around to look for the woman, but she was already out of sight. 

   “Miss Paulina, did you forget something?” Don asked. 

   “That woman… I bumped into someone, and she dropped this,”

   “You’re late for your exam, you will return it back someday,” he said, and she looked at him. 

    “Someday?” she muttered, and looked at the handkerchief. 

 She gasped when she saw the heart symbol knitted there, she knitted that in all the handkerchief her mum had after she learnt how to knit. The handkerchief was obviously not one of the ones she knitted on, but the symbol was just the same. 

   “Mum,” she muttered, and started looking around. 

   “Miss Paulina, you are late for class,” Don said, and she nodded. She looked around one last time before she left. 
*
  Charlotte sat in a car staring at her daughter from afar, she sniffed in silently, and Louis held her hand. 

   “My poor baby,” she cried. 

   “You will be able to return to her soon, Charlotte. I’m sure of that,” he assured, and she nodded in tears. 
*
*
  WEEKS LATER***
*
  The mid semester exam ended in a week, and Stanley left as planned, but he kept in touch with his friends. Ava refused to go to school, and Paul let her do things her way. 

  The students arrived at school and few of them started to panic because the results of their last exam was out. They rushed to the board that it was pasted to check thier grades,and Paulina struggled in thier midst to get the front, but it was  impossible. 

   “Are you that impatient?” Micheal whispered in her ear before behind. 

   “They are just too many people,”

   “I’ll dismiss them for you,” he muttered, and she chuckled. “Everyone, step aside!” He shouted, and they all froze to look at him. 

   “Mike, are you seriously going to check it?” Austij whined. 

  The students all step aside, while some left and the MASS went forward with Paulina. 

   “Austin, if you are searching for your name, is at the bottom,” Steven said, and they all laughed expect Austin who grabbed Steven’s collar. 

   “Let it go man, your parents will be really proud this time,” Micheal teased. 

   “Not you too!” He shouted. 

   “Steven, you improved, you made it to top 100,” Micheal said. 

   “I did better last year,” Steven muttered. 

   “Oh,” Micheal grumbled. 

   “Speaking of equality, where is your name Mike? How come they never post your results?” Austin lashed. 

   “Because I asked them not to. There is no such thing as equality at holland high,” Micheal teased. 

   “You should have made the MASS an exemption!” Austin blurted. 

   “A particular person’s father believed that  his son will improve if his results are casted like this. But too bad… he hit the bottom,” Michael stated.  

  “That’s enough, that’s enough,” Austin muttered. 

   “Oh, Stanley took third place as usual,” Steven said. 

   “He is the genius at math but he suck at other subjects but always maintain a perfect grade,” Austin exclaimed. 

   “Jessica is first as usual, and Laura…” Micheal said. 

   “Laura Jones? I once had a crush on that girl, she is so intelligent,” Austin said. 

   “She is a nerd. How can you crush on a complete nerd?” Micheal blurted. 

   “I believe in transition. She will be superb!” Austin said. 

   “I doubt,” Steven grumbled. 

   “You should crush on intelligent ladies, it’s good for you. It will help your future gene. I can’t believe you hit bottom at supreme class and overall school,” Micheal teased. 

    “Will you stop it already?” Austin lashed. 

   “You should call him to see his result,” Micheal said, and Austin called Stanley who didn’t pickup. 

   “He must be busy at the farm,” Austin teased, and they all laughed. 

   “Paulina, Paulina Andrew, this is you,” Steven said, and they all looked at her grade. 

   “Wow, you made it to top 50!” Austin exclaimed. 

   “You deserve it, your hard work paid off,” Micheal said, and Paulina walked away. 

    “Isn’t she excited?” Austin said, and Micheal ran after her. 

  He held her hand when he caught her

   “Let me go,” she muttered 

   “Was that a bad score?”

   “That’s my worst! I have never been that bad,” she muttered, in a sober voice. 

   “But you did well,”

   “No, it was bad. I was searching for my name at the top lists, I didn’t even think of the average. I have never been that bad,” 

    “You did well, Lina. Your life took a drastic turn , you suddenly transferred to this school, get bullied, tried to fit in, and an entire new teaching system. I don’t know about others, Lina, but I’m proud of you, you did really well because you put in your best,” he said, and embraced her. 
*
Some people were not pleased with their results, while some were escalated, few others didn’t bother to check and some were unaffected with thier grades, but at the end, they all accepted their results and moved on to the next phase. 
*
*
 FEW MONTHS LATER***
*
 The school section was already coming to an end and the students started preparing for their final exams that is fast approaching, while others look forward to the exam, few others were preparing for prom dinner. 
  
 During the months that passed, Paulina, Paul and Ava have been living in harmony together until Paul insist that Paulina throw a party for her 18th birthday. Paulina protest at first because she has never celebrated her birthday before, but after much persuading, she gave in. 

  She thought of how to go about the party, and informed Sophie first who introduced her to an event planner. 

  She planned a small party with just few people, but Ava refuse to attend. 
*
 Everyone was having fun in the party, and she followed a familiar figure that she saw to the balcony, and it turned out to Ava. 

   “Ava, I thought you didn’t want to be here,” Paulina said. 

   “Why? Because it’s your party?”

    “What are you getting at?”

   “It’s a beautiful party, so you must be happy that you belong now. You must feel like a real elite now,”

   “Ava, if you are here to cause troubles, please leave. My friends are here, so don’t start a scene,” 

   “Your friends? Those friends were all mine! Everything was all mine before you showed up! Everything is mine, you are nothing but a thief!” she shouted, and Paulina laughed. 

   “Will you be the one to explain to everyone how I stole everything from you? You have been acting well all these while, were you just pretending?”

   “You think I’ll accept you as my sister?” 

    “No. Because I’m the one who needs to accept you. You are the real b@stard leaching off my family!” Paulina shouted, and Ava slapped her, and they started pulling each other’s hair. 

   “Everything will be over if you are gone!” Ava shouted, and wanted to push her down the balcony. 

   “No, no, Ava, no,” Paulina muttered, struggling with her. 

   “I won’t have to share anything when you are gone, because everything was mine from the stat!” She shouted. 
*
  Paulina’s friends were having fun at the party when they suddenly hear a loud cry. 

   “Noooooooo….” 

   “What’s that?” They shouted, and traced the voice to the balcony. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
 Ava, why na 🙁
.
 Few more chapters to go…
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER SEVENTY THREE. 7️⃣3️⃣
.
           ❣️❣️The crying ghost❣️❣️
.
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 THE PARTY^^^
^
 The MAS arrived at Paulina’s party, and were ushered to the party venue. The whole hall was reserved for the party, and it makes many of them wonder who does that for an adopted child. Paulina only invited few people to the party; Micheal, Austin, Steven, Sage, Sophia, Jessica, and few other members of the math club. Lia and Alicia persuaded her for an invitation when they heard of the party, but she didn’t give them. 

   “Mike, did you heard the rumor going around school? Everyone assumed that Lina could be the chairman’s biological daughter,” Austin said. 

   “And that made me his stepson,” Micheal muttered, and they both looked at him. “What? I thought we are being unrealistic,”

    “Get lost,” Austin muttered. 

  They entered the hall, and exchanged greetings with the few people there before Paulina joined them. 

   They all sang the birthday song to her, and she blew her candles before the party begin. 

   “Happy birthday, girly,” Sophia said, and embraced her. 

   “Happy birthday, Lina,” Sage said, and she embraced him. 
    
  “Hun, hun. Lina, happy birthday,” Micheal said from behind, and she embraced him. 

  “We would have filled this place with people, what kind of party is this scanty?” Austin complained. 

   “My kind,” Paulina said, and they all laughed. 

   “Gosh, we are very few. I have never been in such party before,” Austin said. 

   “Someone else is coming to enlighten the party,” Paulina said. 

   “Who?” Austin asked. 

   “TADA!” They heard someone shout from behind, and they all spun around to see Stanley, followed by Lia and Alicia. 

   “Stanley!” The MAS shouted, and ran to embrace him. 

    “Are they always that cheerful?” Sage muttered, and Paulina smiled. 

   “They must have really missed him,” Paulina said. 

    She looked at the way Sophia was clinging to Sage and started wondering when they became that close. During the months that passed, Sophia was able to get over her feelings for Sage and thier friendship continued but there were still boundaries between them. 

   “Have you have Sage gotten closer behind me? What are you two discussing that you couldn’t carry me along?” Paulina grumbled. 

    “This close?” Sophia asked, and wrapped her hand around Sage’s waist, “or this close?” She asked and pecked his lips. 

   Paulina gasped, and dragged Sophia immediately. 

   “When? How? What?” She said confused on the first question to ask. 

    “Relax, girl,”

    “I thought you were going on blind dates, Sage fixed it for you,”

    “Yes, he did. And I went,”

    “So how did this happened?”
     
    “I went on all the 10 blind dates that he arranged, but they are not just my type. I don’t know, I feel like being an elite isn’t everything to me now. He promised to arrange another one for me but I refused, after much persuasion, I later gave in and went yesterday, and boom. It was Sage,”

   “What?”
    
   “I felt like I was hallucinating. Sage was the blind date, and he gave me a couples ring,” she said, flaunting her ring. 

    “Oh, my. This is so pretty,”

    “I know, right? He told me to stop attending blind dates, and be his girl…. Oh my God, Lina. I feel like screaming!” 

    “Sophie, I am so happy!” Paulina said, and embraced her. 

    “But where is Sage?” Sophia muttered looking around. 

   “Over there, with Alicia,” 

    “Why is that bltch at your party?”
    
     “I don’t know. I didn’t even invite her. I think she came in with Stanley,” Paulina said, but Sophia already went to drag Sage from her. 
**
  The MASS sat together later after all the cheerful moments. 

   “You didng tell us you were coming.  I mean… all the way from Spain… are you that close to  Lina?” Austin asked. 
    
    “You didng come all the way here because of the party, I’m sure of that. So, why are you back?” Micheal asked. 

     “Are you back for good?” Steven asked. 

    “So many questions, and I don’t even know which one to answer first. You are fight, I’m not in California because of the party, and I might actually be back for good,”

    “Really?” They all shouted. 

   “Did your parents made up?” Austin asked. 

    “Not that,”

    “So, what happened?” Austin asked. 

    “It’s quite a talk. Don’t let’s bore ourselves,” 

   “Say it away, I’m curious,” Austij said. 

    “Yeah, split it, man,” Micheal said, and he started his long story. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK***
*
  Stanley was working at his great grandfather’s farm when he was summoned back home, and was surprised to see his mother in company of the head secretary at his father’s company. 

    “Good afternoon, Mr. Stanley,”

    “What do you want?” 

    “Don’t be rude,” his mother cautioned. 

  He went to take his seat next to his mother, and the secretary started his story of how sick his father was. 

   “What? Liver transplant?” His mother gasped, and Stanley scoffed. 

   “Don’t tell me you are here to ask me to donate my liver to him. I have to run a test first to do that, so if you are here to convince on that, please leave! My mother and I are going nowhere, we have nothing to do with that man,” with that, he stood ip to leave. 

   “The chairman doesn’t wish for that either,” the secretary said, and Stanley looked at him. 

   “The chairman wants you to be healthy while he goes abroad for his surgery, because someone has to look after the company if the surgery goes wrong. This will be the fourth time he gets the transplant, so he is terrified this time,”

   “Fourth time?” Stanley’s mother gasped. 

    “What are you getting at” Stanley blurted. 

   “The chairman’s wish is for you to take over everything. He wants to transfer all his shares to you, so please sign this,” the secretary said, and dropped a document on the table. 

  Stanley’s mother gasped, and looked at Stanley who wasn’t moved. 

   “I have no interest in it.  Even when I was with him, I had no interest in his company. I can’t be stuck up in an office all day, wearing suit. Take that with you and leave, I’ll take care of my future!”

    “Stanley…” his mother called. 

   “That is the chairman only wish. He refused to go for his surgery if you don’t accept this,”

   “I don’t care. I’m off “

   “Stan, wait!”

   “Mum, please don’t try to convince me,”

   “Stanley, he is still your father, and that is your birthright,”

   “He disowned me, mum. No, I denounced him first,” 

   “Think about me, son,”

   “Mum, we are doing just fine,”

   “No, I’m not doing fine. This isn’t the life I want for you. I want to you accept it, it’s not a request,”

  “Mum… why are you doing this to me?”

   “Will you decline?”

   “I just have to sign it, right?” 

  “Yes, sir. But we will have to return to California as soon as possible. There is a general shareholder meeting next week Monday, and the chairman want to introduce you to the board,” 

   “What?”

  “He will go, he will do it,”

  “Mum…”

   “Sign it, son,” 

   “You are not being fair!” He blurted, before singing it. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  His friends gasped after he concluded his story, and Austin embraced him. 

   “I’m so happy, bro. You are finally back,” Austin said. 

   “Stop being clingy,” he muttered. 

 “Have you seen your father?” Micheal asked. 

   “Yeah. I came here right after,”

   “Why were those bltches with you Lia and Alicia,” Austin asked. 

   “We met by the gate. The security didn’t let them through. They had no invitation,”

   “How did you get the invitation? We only told you about the party, we didn’t send you an invite,” Austin said. 

   “You contacted Lina first?” Micheal asked. 

   “Yeah. I told her to keep it a secret. I wanted to surprise you,”

   “It a surprise indeed, but we have many more surprises,” Micheal said. 

  “First, let’s enjoy the party,” Steven said. 

  “Why is Jessica here? I thought it’s just Paulina’s friends,” Stanley said. 

   “She is Paulina’s friend now,” Austin said. 

   “Really?”

   “Are you uncomfortable?” Micheal asked. 

   “How did they become friends?”

   “Paulina left our club after the mid semester exam results were released. That girl is such an ingrate, she said she needs to be around more intelligent people to improve her grades, so she left our club and accepted Jessica’s offer to join the math club. They became close from there, you can see few people from the math club around,” Austin said. 

   “Oh… I see,” he muttered staring at her, but she didn’t even spare him a glance. 

  “Get over it, man. You ended it, remember?” Austin said, and Stanley chuckled. 

   “I’m over it. It’s not my first relationship. Speaking of first; Steve, why won’t you date anyone? Austin said Dianna has been hitting on you. Give it a shot, man. You have to have fun while you can, otherwise you will start dating Austin’s ex,” Stanley said. 

   “Hey!” Austin shouted. 

   “Do you have a girl you like?” Micheal asked, and they all looked at him. 

    “Yes, that could only be the reason,” Austin said, and Steven chuckled before looking around. “ Is she here? Lia or Alicia, perhaps Jessica? He added, and Stanley shot him a glare. 

   “Where is Paulina?” Steven asked. 

   “Is she the one you like?” Austin gasped, and Micheal looked at I’m. 

   “There she is. If you wiki excuse me, I have something to discuss with her,” with that, Steven left. 

   “I think he likes Paulina,” Austin said. 

   “Get your tact together, man. Otherwise you will lose your teeth!” Micheal lashed. 
*
  Steven went to Paulina, she welcomed him with a  smile and gave him his pendant. 

   “I don’t think I’m worthy enough to keep this,”

   “Come on, Steven. It’s yours. Even if you think you aren’t worthy of it, you shouldn’t throw it out,”

   “That’s why I asked you to keep it,”

   “I can’t keep it any longer. It has to be with it owner,”

   “I can’t live the way my mum wants me to. I already chose my path, so how can I keep that?” 

   “Your mother didn’t give you this because she wants you to live the way she wants, she gave you  this so she can watch over you. She wants to be close to you even though she is absent, so consider this little pendant as your mother,”

   “Just like your bracelet?”

   “Yes, like my bracelet,” she said all smiles, and he embraced her. 

   “Thank you, Lina. Thank you being my friend,” he said, and she patted his back gently. 

   “You are so such an adorable cutie,” she said, and he laughed. 

    “What are they talking about?” Micheal grumbled, staring at them. 

    “Steven can’t go for Lina, right?” Austij said. 

   “You talk too much. You are starting to klll the party’s vibe,” Stanley said. 
*
  The real party begins later, and they engaged on various fun events before some people retreat to do their own thing, some went to the poolside, and some dance to the music. 
**
**
  Ava refused to attend the party immediately her father brought the idea, and they didn’t bother to convince her with thoughts that she was feeling inferior because of her face. 

  She couldn’t help but think about the party all day, the thought of how Paulina wili slowly have everything while hiding at an illegitimate daughter was so overwhelming, and she decide to see what the party was like for herself. 

  She arrived at the venue, but the securities didn’t let her through because she has no invitation until Don showed her. 

   “Let her in, she is the chairman Stanford’s daughter,” Don said. 

  “Consider yourself fired!” Ava blurted, and went in. 

 “I’m sorry, madam,” the security guard shouted. 

  She walked around the party admiring everything, and cursing Paulina for stealing what was hers. She wandered around but no one noticed her presence until Paulina joined her at the balcony. 
*
 Don who has been keeping a close watch on Ava since she arrived at the party watched the little cat fight between Ava and Paulina, and he interfered when Ava was trying to push Paulina off. He was quick to separate them, and pushed Ava off instead. 

      “Noooooooo….” Paulina screamed. 

   “Miss Paulina, did you get hurt?” Don asked. 

   “Ava, Ava ,” she pointed at Ava who already fall off, and Don jumped over the balcony to meet her. 

   “Paulina,” people from the party called running to her. 

   “What happened?” Micheal and Sage asked rushing to her but Sophia dragged Sage back. 

   “Ava…” she shuddered in tears, and Micheal embraced her.

   “Oh, my God! It’s Ava!” Lia shouted, pointing down the balcony. 
**
**
    THE HOSPITAL^^^
^
  Paul rushed to the hospital immediately the heard what happened, and a doctor came to brief him about the surgery she was undergoing. 

 He went to the operating unit, and dismissed the kids to go home, remaining just him and Paulina. 

   “Paulina, what happened?” He asked, and Paulina looked at him in tears. 

   “Ava tried to push me off from the balcony,”

    “What?”

   “You might not believe it because you thought you raised such an angel,”

   “Paulina…”

   “Dad, Ava tried to klll me! I would have been the one in the OR if uncle Don didn’t interfere, I would have been the one fighting for my life!”

   “Did you two have a fight again?”

  “This isn’t just any fight, dad, Ava tried to klll me for real, she said she’d get rid of me and be your only daughter, she said she doesn’t want to share anything with me! I hate her…” she cried, and Paul embraced her. 

   “It’s ok, Paulina,” he said, patting her back but she freed herself from him. 

   “It’s not ok, dad. Ava will never accept me, and I refuse to accept her as well. I hope her surgery goes well, I hope she recover and answer to this, because I can’t live with her anymore!” Paulina said, and stood up 

   “What are you getting at?”

   “You have to choose, dad. I can’t live wigi someone who tried to klll me, no, I refuse to live with her. I don’t want to share anymore, dad. I don’t want to share anything with a ba$tard. Since she is the daughter you raised for years, and you can’t abandon her, then you will have to abandon me! You have to choose dad, it’s either me, or Ava!” She blurted, before leaving. 

   “Paulina…” Paul shuddered, staring at her retreating back till she was out of sight. 

  Paulina was heading out of the hospital in tears when she sight a familiar face walking towards her. She wiped her tears to be able to see properly, and the person turned out to be her mother. 

   “Ghosts indeed wander around at hospital,” she thought in tears. “I wish it was really you, mum, I wish I wasn’t seeing a ghost,” she cried. “But why is the ghost coming closer?” she thought. 

   “Paulina…” Charlotte called 

  “She just called my name…” she shuddered. 

   “My baby,” Charlotte cried, running towards her. 

   “Why is she in tears? She is coming closer,” Paulina thought. “Is she really my mum?” she muttered, and wiped her tears. “Mum?” she called. 

   “My baby, my Paulina. Mummy is sorry for being so late,” Charlotte said, and embraced her. 

   “It wasn’t a ghost, it’s really mum,” Paulina muttered in tears, tightening the hug. “Mum,” she cried. 
.
 TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Awwwww 😊
.
 Few more chapters to go
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER SEVENTY FOUR. 7️⃣4️⃣
.
   ❣️❣️Playboy found a wife❣️❣️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes  
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.

*
   THE HOSPITAL ^^^
^
  Ava’s surgery was successful, and she was transferred to a ward for close monitoring till she recovers. 

 Paul checked on her at the ward, and was about to leave when he saw t he security guards at the VIP unit harassing a man(Leo). 

   “Chairman, sir. How is Ava?” Leo asked, and Paul looked at him. 
     
    “Chairman, we saw him snooping around,” the security said, and Paul nodded. 

     “The surgery was successful, but we have to wait for her to wake up,” Paul said, and Leo sighed in relief. 

   “That’s a relief, thank you, sir,” he muttered. 

    “Do you care for coffee?” Paul asked, and Leo looked at him. 
*
  They both went to the cafeteria to get coffee, and Leo tried to relax. 

   “I know who you are, you are her biological father,” Paul stated, and Leo looked at him. 

   “Thank you for raising, Ava. Sir,” he managed to say, and Paul chuckled. 

   “Thank you? For raising my own child?” He said, and Leo looked at him. “It’s not right to thank me. I raised Ava for 18 years fully aware that she wasn’t my daughter,”

   “May I ask why you raised her even though you were aware from the start?”

   “Because she was cute,” he said, and Leo looked at him. “She was a cute baby girl. I was home alone with her that day… the maids were all downstairs and her nanny was away to get some things for her. Her mother had other arrangements, and she was crying, I went to her room disgusted, but she stretched her little hands to me, I carried her, and she stopped crying at the instant. She was so cute, she was cute back then, and even now. I vowed to protect her. That was the child I raised, but now, I don’t think I can keep on protecting her. Yet again, I’ll fail another promise,” he said, and Leo looked at him. 

   “Is it because of me? Please, don’t mind me. I will never show up to Ava again,” 

   “Not because of. A lot of things have been happening, and I believe Ava needs time to accept her place, and adapt to the new change. I plan to send her abroad after she recover, she can also undergo her plastic surgery there,”

   “Oh, you are sending her abroad…”

   “You might not be able to see her if she leaves, do you have any objections ?”

    “No, no. Not at all, sir. I appreciate your efforts for raising Ava all these while, and you are even sending her abroad, so who am I to protest?”

   “You are her father, her biological father,” Paul said, and Leo looked at him. “I know how you feel, because I recently reunite with my biological daughter as well, and I’m sending Ava abroad because of her. So feel feee to show your concern,”

    “Sir… I just wish to see her one last time before she leaves. I know she won’t be glad to see me, but I just want to see her even if it’s from a distance,” 

   “How long do you want to look at her from a distance?”
    
    “Sir?”
    
   “You must have been doing that all these while, that’s how you could easily tell that she was here. So how long do you want to keep that up?”

   “I-…”
   
   “Feel free to visit her at the hospital at anytime, I’ll inform the security as well. Don’t thank me, I’m also a father and I won’t deprive you the rights of being a father to your child,” with that, he left. 
**
**
 Paulina held her mother all day as she told her stories about her survival, how she survived all murder attempt, and overcome the clinical challenges that came right after. They wept together, and smiled at each other, enjoying a beautiful mother and daughter’s moment. 

   “Mum, now that you are back, everything is settled. Dad can just be with Ava, and we can return home together, we can bring grandpa with us as well. I really missed you, mum,” 

   “Home?” 

   “Yes, mum. Home to the countryside,”

   “Do you want to return back there? Don’t you like the city?”

    “I like here, but I love wherever you are,” she said, and embraced her mother tight. 

   “You are Paulina, we should return home, and that home is wherever we can be together,” she said, and Paulina smiled. 
   
   “I have really missed you, mum. I thought I was never going to see you again,”

   “I was scared too, but thanks to someone, I was able to come this far,”

   “Who? The friend who have been assisting you?”

   “Yes, I want you to meet him. He will be here shortly,” Charlotte said, and almost immediately, Louis joined them at the cafeteria. 

   “Charlotte. Oh, you must be Paulina,” Louis said. 

   “Doctor?” Paulina called as she instantly remembered him. 

   “Have you two met before?” Charlotte asked. 

   “Mum, he was Ava’s Doctor, we met a few months ago,” 

   “Oh…”

  “Thank you so much for everything, sir.” she said, and Louis’s shook his head feigning a sad expression. 

   “Not that, Paulina. I’m a very close friend of your mother, and I was close to your father too. So I deserve more than that formal treatment. Give me a hug. I’m your uncle,” he said, and spread his arms. 
 
  They all laughed, and she walked into his embrace all smiles. 

   “Thank you for everything, uncle,”

    “If you are thankful then let’s hangout later,” he winked, and she smiled. 
 
 Paulina returned to her seat next to her mother, and Louis took the seat opposite them. 

   “Is Paul aware of this meeting?” he asked. 

  “Dad knew that you were alive?” 

   “I’m sorry, baby, I asked him to keep it from you,”

   “Why are you so mean, mum? Everyone knows expect me,”

   “I’ll make up for it,” 

   “I assumed he isn’t aware yet,” Louis muttered, and Charlotte nodded. 

    “I already texted dad, he eats us to have dinner together,” 

    “Will you invite Paul?”

    “Paul has no reasons to be there,”

    “Then I’ll be the one to inform him about this. Is Paulina coming with us now?”

    “Yes. She refused to let me go,” Charlotte said, and they all laughed. 
**
  Louis drove Paulina and Charlotte to his house, and they were surprised to meet Paul there. 

   “What’s dad doing here?” Paulina said, and held her mother’s hand. 

   “Louis… did you ask him to come?” Charlotte asked. 

  “Nope. I told him not to worry, that Paulina was with us. He must have come to fetch her,” 

  They alighted from the car, and Paulina held her mother tightly, staring at her father. 

   “Paul, what are you doing here?” Charlotte asked, and Paul wrong to embrace her taking everyone off guard. 

   Louis excused himself, and Paulina stared at them emotionless. 

    “You’d well, Charlotte. It’s all over now, and you can be with Paulina again,” he said, and Charlotte freed herself from him. 

   “Are you here to tell me that?”

   “Charlotte,”
    
   “We don’t need you here Paul, but since you are here, we can discuss about my daughter,”

    “Let’s do that later, that’s not why I’m here. Paulina have really missed you, you two can spend all the time you want together, but please… let me know if you decide to leave,” 

    “Why? As Paulina’s father?”

   “Charlotte, I have done a lot of unforgivable things, and I know I don’t have the right to fight for anything-…”

     “Since you know that, then, leave!”

    “Paulina… is still my daughter,” he muttered. “I’ll take my leave now. Paulina, take care and don’t cause your mother and Louis any trouble,” he said, and Paulina nodded before he left. 
*
  They went in and met Louis unpacking their bags, she just retuned from the UK, she hasn’t even unpacked before she went to Paulina. 

   “Did Paul left?” He asked. 

   “Yes,” Charlotte muttered.

   “Uncle, let me assist you,” Paulina said. 

   “Thank you… but I should be doing this in my room, I don’t even know why I’m unpacking here,” he said, and Charlotte chucked. 

 “I’ll go prepare some coffee for us,” Charlotte said. 

   “Thank you. I’ll inform Ms. Bella of our arrival tomorrow. So prepare the coffee, e-bike I keep Paulina company,” 

   Paulina sighted their childhood picture, and picked it. 

   “That’s your parents and I when we were younger,” Louis said. 

   “I know. Dad told me,” 

   “Wow. Your father must have tell you a lot of things then,”

  “Not really, he didn’t tell me Wip the other girl is. Did you lost contact with her?” 

   “Grace?” Louis said. 

   “Is she Ms. Grace?”

   “Yes. Grace, your father and I grew up together. We have been friends since we were born, influenced by our parent’s friendship , and your mother joined later, and we  became that beautiful squad,” Louis said, remembering their beautiful memories. 

  “So what happened?” Paulina asked. 

   “A lot happened. I left first, and cut ties with them, but somehow I was able to reunite with your mother again. I’ll tell you a lot of stories about your mother later,” he said,

   “Dad left mum… and went to her friend, I mean his other friend,”

   “Paulina, there is a long story behind it. Trust me, it’s a really boring one so don’t let us bore the moment. I’ll only tell you the fact about it all. I know Paul for the first 10 years of my life, he was my best friend. So I know he tried all he could to protect your mother, but he was left with no choice. Your father is not a bad person,” Louis said, and patted her hair while she nodded. 
*
 Mr. Ethan joined them later, and they all spend time together, and words couldn’t describe how happy Paulina was to be reunited with her mother, and grandfather. 
**
**
   HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Monday came early like the weekend was just a glimpse, students started arriving at school talking about the latest gist on thier school website. 

 Micheal arrived at school, and his friends rushed towards him. 

   “Mike, did you saw the post on the website? I told you, Lina could be chairman Stanford’s illegitimate daughter,” Austin said. 

  “The video seems authentic, someone captured a video of Lina and chairman Stanford at the hospital, she called him father,” Stanley said. 

   “I wonder who was behind the video,” Steven grumbled. 

    “It could only be Lia, she was also the one that started the gossip about her being his daughter when she heard about the party,” Austin said. 

   “You guys go ahead, I’ll wait here for Lina. I’m sure those bugs are hanging around to surround her when she arrives,” Micheal said. 

   “Did you know before now?” Stanley asked. 

   “Did she tell you?” Austin asked. 

   “Stop asking questions and leave!” 

   “If you are waiting for Lina, then let’s all wait,” Austin said.  

    “No. Go ahead, I’ll be fine. Don’t make me repeat it,”

   “Let’s go. I’m sure he will take care of it,” Stanley said, and wrapped his hand around Austin and Steven. 

   “We can handle it together,” Austin grumbled as they took their leave. 

  Micheal waited for few minutes before Paulina arrived all smiles, she even waved at whoever dropped her off, but her off. 

   “Lina,”

   “Hi, Mike,”

   “Have you seen this?” He asked, showing her the video. “I doubt,” he added, and she gasped. 

   “Mike…”

   “If you want to admit it, I’ll help you, if you want to bring it down, I’ll help you. So, tell me after you decide,”

   “Mike, you knew…”

   “Am I supposed to answer that with how I felt, and how long I have known?”
     
    “Mike… why didn’t you say anything? You should have asked questions,”

    “I was waiting for you to get the confidence to say it. Being an illegitimate is nothing to be proud of. I understand the feeling,”

   “I’m sorry, Mike,”

   “Then I assume you already decide. Let’s go in, I’ll make sure the school deletes the post as soon as possible. Don’t worry, no one will come at you while I’m here,” he assured, and she nodded. 

  They both emerged the hallway, and students whispered pointing fingers but no body dares to go close. They were already close to the elevator when someone called Paulina from behind. 

   “Hi, Pauli,” they heard, and they both turned to look at the person. 

  Micheal shot him a glare, and Paulina gasped in disbelief. 

   “Orion!” she screamed, and embraced him, to Michael’s surprise. 

   “I knew it. I knew it was you,” Orion said tightening the hug, and Micheal cleared his throat before pulling Paulina away. 

   “Oh, Mike. He is my friend, Orion,”

   “You never told me you had another friend in the regular class,”

   “I never knew he attend this school. He was my friend from my former school,” 

    “Was? That’s sad,” Orion said. 

    “Oh, my, Orion. I’m so escalated. Words can’t express it,” Paulina said, and wanted to embrace him again but Micheal stood between them. 

   “Hi, Orion. I’m sure you know me since you are a student here. But in case you don’t know, I’m Paulina’s boyfriend,”

   “Ok. Pauli, how have you been?” Orion asked, and Micheal rolled his eyes. 

   “Orion, it’s a surprise that you are here.  I mean…” 

   “It’s more surprising to see you here, and in the supreme class. Well, as for me, I moved in with my parents , I told you my parents were in the city, and he enrolled me here,” 

    “Wow. You never told me your parents were influential,” Paulina said, and Micheal scoffed. 

   “It’s nothing to brag about,” 

   “Lina, my legs are aching. Let’s go!” Micheal snapped, and dragged her away. 

   “Hey? Why are you acting like that?” 

   “Didn’t you see yourself, fllrting with another guy while I was there, standing,”

    “I wasn’t fllrting with him, he is my friend,” 

   “ I recalled you said “was”. How did you even became friends with him, I mean… you barely keep company of friends,”

    “We teamed up for a competition together in middle school, so we became close from there. He is very intelligent,”

   “Oh, I see… now intelligence is the trend,” he grumbled, rolling his eyes, and Paulina laughed. 

   “You’re funny,”

   “Wait. Pauli, Pauli. Why does he keep calling you that?”

   “I don’t know. He just calls me that,” she muttered, blushing softly and Micheal rolled his eyes. 

  Jessica approached them later, and Paulina left with Jessica while Micheal headed to his suite. 

   “Man, what now?” Austin asked. 

   “Stanley, make sure that post on the website got deleted. I won’t say than that,” Micheal said, and Stanley nodded while Austin scoffed. 

    “Really, man?” Austin shouted. 

   “Stan, we told you we have a lot of surprises for you,” Steven said trying to change the topic. 

   “Is it that thing that Austin said he will only tell me in person? I almost bucked a flight to hear the gist,” Stanley said. 

    “That’s the spirit, bro. I wanted you to fly back,”
Austin said. 

  “What’s it? I’m already curious,” 

   “Steven became an anonymous mafia boss,” Micheal said, and Stanley gasped. 

   “What? How did it happen?”

   “Lord shark tried to kill me, he was my father’s right hand man. Mr. Kim, my father’s new bodyguard rescued me, and that was when we discovered that he has been slowly kllling my father with harmful substances in disguise of medicine,”

   “What?”

   “I had to take action. My father was too weak to control his men, and they won’t follow Mr. Kim instructions, so I have to go back home and give them the order myself. I got rid of lord shark,”

   “You kllled him?”

   “I didn’t. But I ordered it,”

   “Bro, Steven is really fearsome,” Austin said. 

    “Indeed,” Stanley grumbled in fear, and Steven chuckled. “What happened to your father?”

    “He needs to treat himself, the polsion already spread, so he might not last long. He retreat abroad, and put me in charge. I couldn’t say no, he would have stayed back and dled if I refuse. I couldn’t believe he was taking the medicines knowing fully well that it was harmful because he wanted me back home,”

   “Wow. Now I’m friends with a mafia boss!” Stanley exclaimed. “At the end, you choose that path. I believe that was the path for you from the start,”

   “I agree. He is too skilled to be anything else,” Austin said, and they all laughed. 

   “Stan, you all think I’ll be the first to get married, but Austin could likely be the first,” Micheal said, and Stanley looked at Austin. 

   “Did your parents arranged it?” Stanley asked, with widened eyes. 

    “They both know I won’t accept,” 

   “So what?” Stanley shouted. 

    “It’s Rae…” he muttered, and started the long story. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK***
*
  Austin won his championship, and he celebrated with his friends, and he went on a date with Rae as promised. 

   “Austin, I like you ,” she said, and he choked on his drink. 

   “Since when?”

   “Before I dated Roy,”

   “What? For that long?”

   “I know you feel the same way, that’s why I dated Roy, and I have been with other guys so you won’t come to me,”

    “How does this make sense? And besides… why are you telling me this? You like me but you don’t want to be with me 

    “I just felt it right for you to know. Don’t ever think I choose Roy or Derick over you because you aren’t good enough, I did all that because I like you,”

    “So why can’t we be together?”

   “Because I don’t waht to get hurt again,” 

    “How will I hurt you?”

    “My first love hurt me. That was the first time I’ll ever like someone, so I couldn’t bear the heartbreak when we broke up. I instantly made up mg mind not to like anyone first, and just get in a relationship for fun. We are all teenagers, it’s not like we will get married or something. So why follow the heart? I’m telling you this so you can avoid me as well, get over whatever feelings you have for me, because we will never be together. I’ll start avoiding you now, it’s understandable, I just confessed my feelings,” she said, and stood up to leave. 

   “Then let’s get married!” he shouted, and she looked at him. 

   “What?”
    
   “I know I sound crazy, but that’s how much I like you. It all started in middle school, and just like you, I get in relationships for the fun and breakup when I get bored,”

   “But, marry?”

   “A boyfriend can breakup with you, but there are vows attached to marriage. It will take a lot of thinking before one can break those vows and separate. So, instead of my girlfriend, be with me forever so we won’t have to breakup,” 

  “Austin, are you listening to yourself?” 

 “Just like you, I also don’t want to get heartbroken. Let’s get married, Rae. Me and you, when we are ready,” he said, and kissed her. 
*
*
  FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Stanley couldn’t control his laughters after Austin finished his story. 

  “So, does that make Rae our sister-in-law?” Stanley said, amidst laughters. 

   “Stop it already! It’s not like I’m getting married now,” 

    “Austin is so good with words,” Steven said. 

   “Beat me, man. He is the best. “Don’t be my girlfriend, be my wife” those words sound so cringe,” Stanley laughed. 

   “That’s enough, Stan. We already teased him enough,” Micheal said, amidst laughers. 

   “I hope you don’t regret it later, because this is the best way to tie you to one lady,” Stanley said, and Austin glared at him. 

  Austin phone rang later, and he excused himself to receive his call. 

   “Is that our sister-in-law?” Stanley shouted, and they all laughed. “Did he gave her a ring?” He asked later, and Micheal nodded. 

   “The ring was specially crafted for her. It’s one of its kind,” Steven said. 

   “Wow. He might be serious with her,” Stanley exclaimed. 

   “Let’s see how it goes, because I doubt,” Micheal said, and they all laughed. 
**
**
  Ava opened her eyes at the hospital, and saw Leo in her ward, Leo noticed that she opened her eyes, and rushed to her. 

   “Ava, you are awake,” he exclaimed, and she didn’t stop staring at him. 

    “Who… ar-.. areeee you?” she asked Weakly, and Leo looked confused.

I'll go get the doctor, with that he left.

Paul rushed to the hospital after the doctor called to inform him that Ava was awake, he went to her ward and met the doctor there in company of Leo.

Doctor why's she still asleep? You told me she was awake.

Yes, but we have to put her back to sleep. I'll explain the reason to you. Let's kindly talk outside," the doctor said and Paul followed him out.

Paul looked at the doctor already impatient and the doctor started using their medical term.

As I explained before the surgery, the CT scan showed swelling and bleeding in both temporal lobes. She's regained consciousness, but the injury has disrupted her hippocampus --- the part of the brain responsible for memory. I'm afraid she's been diagnosed with amnesia.

What? Paul shouted, unable to believe his ears.

TBC 

Amnesia, what? 😳

Semifinal loading.....
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
   📖📖CHAPTER SEVENTY FIVE. 7️⃣5️⃣

    ❣️❣️Bygone memories❣️❣️
.
                          Semifinal‼️                       
_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
   THE HOSPITAL ^^^
^
 Ava has been in the hospital for a week, only to diagnosed with amnesia after she woke up. Paul didn’t know how to react to the news, telling her about everything that has happened when she can’t remember anything will be really hard on her so he decide to leave her in the dark. 

Weeks has passed since she woke her, and everything else was fine expect her memories. 

 Paul went to her ward and met her having a conversation with Leo, the both of them got along the moment she woke up and he introduced himself as his father. 

   “Daddy, it’s the chairman,” she said upon seeing him. 

  Paul managed to force a smile, and walked close to them. After Leo introduced himself as her father, he has to introduce himself as chairman Stanford who was funding her medical expenses. 

   “Ava, I’m happy to see that you are in good shape now,” 

    “Thanks for coming to check up on me again, it must’ve been really stressful. Thank you,” 

    “Yeah, that’s my angel,”

   “Pardon?”

   “I mean you are an angel,” he said, and she smiled. 

  Seeing her that way reminded him of when she was younger, she was a really sweet girl. But everything suddenly changed, influenced by her grandfather. 

   “I’ll be on my way now,”

   “It seems like you don’t have other business at the hospital,” Ava said, and he looked at her. 

   “Yeah, I came to checkup on you,”

    “You don’t have to worry too much about me. Daddy is here, and the doctor said I can be discharged soon. I’m fine now, sir,” 

   “Obviously! I wish you would really be completely fine,”

    “I also wish to recover my memories, but the doctor said it might be highly impossible. But I’m fine, what matter is that I build new beautiful memories. Daddy, said so,” 

    “Your dad said so. I see… new beautiful memories. Yes. That’s what matters. You should only build beautiful memories,”

     “I agree,”

    “She will be discharged soon?” Paul said, and Leo nodded. 

    “Yes. The doctor assured us that everything is fine now. The amnesia is the only problem,”

   “Where are you going after her discharge? We never discussed that,”

    “Daddy said we are going to New York, my grandma is there. I spoke with her on the phone, and she is expecting us. I can’t wait to meet her,” Ava said. 

   “Grandma? New York? Leo, you should see me off,” Paul said. 

    “Alright, sir,” Leo muttered looked at Ava who smiled at him before they left.
*
  Paul and Leo went outside the ward, and Paul glared at him. 

   “New York? When do you plan to tell me about that?”

   “I’m sorry, sir. I just discussed it with Ava today, I plan to tell you about it later,”

    “Now my opinions don’t even matter, right?”

    “I’m sorry, sir. I thought I could make the decision at least since you promised to give me full authority over Ava,”

    “What do you plan to tell her after the discharge? Her identity as a Stanford can’t be erased forever even though she don’t remember,”
     
    “I already told her that everything,”

    “Everything?”

   “Not really everything, but the facts that she can understand,” 

   “What did you tell her?”

   “That her late mother was married to you, and you were like a father to her. She is now aware that you were once her father, and she was a Stanford before before we reunited and the accident happened,”
    
    “Goodness! You did all that without informing me?”

   “I’m sorry, sir,”

    “So, to New York? Don’t take her away without informing me, I’ll prepare the private jet for you. And about your living there-…”

    “Sir! I won’t hide Ava from you, I promise. But please… would you allow me have full authority over her? You have been her father for 18 years… I felt like this is an opportunity for me to be with my daughter. I don’t want you to come between us. I know I’m being selfish, but…”

    “It’s fine. Since you won’t hide her from me, then it’s fine. Just keep me updated, and remember that I will always keep an eye on you,” with that, Paul left. 
**
 Don dropped off Paulina at the hospital. Her father told her about Ava’s current health condition, and she felt it’s right to pay her a visit at least. 

  She entered the hospital and was surprised to see Ava helping a child who dropped her toy from afar. The little girl was on a wheelchair, and Ava was walking around with her drip. 

  She smiled at the little girl, and her gaze met Paulina, and she didn’t stop staring at her. 

   “Did she really have amnesia? She seems to recognize me,” Paulina thought walking closer to her. 

   “So beautiful,” Ava said when Paulina gets closer, and Paulina looked at her. 

   “Hun?”
    
   “Nothing. You are just beautiful, and your face is smooth too,” Ava said, before touching her own scar. 

   “You are also beautiful, Ava,” Paulina said, and Ava looked at her. 
   
    “You know me?”

   “Hun?! Actually… I know you,”

   “You must be Paulina?”
    
    “Hun? Yes, I… I’m Paulina,” 

   “Oh. You must be the chairman’s daughter, no wonder you are beautiful,” Ava said, and Paulina forced a smile. 

    “It’s real, she really lost her memories,” Paulina thought, staring at her pitifully. 
**
**
  CHAIRMAN STANFORD’S MANSION^^*
^
 Paul was working in his study when he heard a knock on the door before it click open. Since Paulina left the house, he was always home alone with the workers, so he wondered who dares do barge into his study. 

 Paulina walked in, and his face brightened in a smile. 

    “Paulina,” he called, and went to embrace her. 
*
  They both went to his living room later to talk properly. 

    “Dad, about Ava…”

   “I told you about her condition,”

   “Yes. I paid her a visit, she really doesn’t remember anything,”

    “Yeah, it’s such a pity,”

    “What’s going to happen to her now?”

     “You once asked me to choose, so I already made my choice. Ava is out of the picture now,” 

   “Dad, you can’t abandon her now. She is helpless, she doesn’t even remember anything,”

    “So, can you live with her now?”
    
    “I have mum, you are the only one she has,”

   “No. She also have her biological father,”

    “Hun?”

    “Ava’s biological father, Leo, showed up at the hospital. Ava now has her father. I can’t live without you either; I have been separated from you for 18 years, and the few weeks we spent apart is all I can bear. I want to introduce you to the world as my daughter,” he said, leaving Paulina speechless. 
**
**
  HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
 Micheal joined his friends at thier suite after school, and Steven chuckled when he went in. 

   “You got ditched again?” Stanley teased. 

   “The math chub. That math club has been a bias since she joined it!” He lashed. 

   “Isn’t that just an excuse? Jessica alway found time for us despite being in the math club, and her  overwhelming school president  duty,” 

   “What are you getting at?” 

  “I think she is already bored of you. She didn’t even have lunch with you,”

   “Everything was good until that onion of a guy arrived,” he muttered, with clenched fist. 

   “Onion?” Stanley repeated. 

   “He is a tacky student from the regular class. He was her friend from her former school or whatever,”

   “If you are referring to the guy I saw her with yesterday, you are wrong. He isn’t tacky, he is good looking,” Steven said, and Micheal shot him a glare. 

   “A good looking student. Hun! Interesting!” Stanley said, and Micheal shot him a glare. 

   Austin joined them later, they all looked at him. 

   “I thought you were with your wife,” Micheal teased, and the others laughed. 

   “You really know how to provoke me. Why are you here? Did Lina ditched you again?” 

   “The math club stuff. Now that the math competition is fast approaching, they are taking longer in her club I guess,” Michael said.  

   “That’s just an excuse. The genius who will ace it is here,” Austin said, and Stanley exhaled heavily. 

    “What’s that for?” Micheal said. 

   “It’s the competition. I have to write a test with the students in math club before I can be chosen,” 

   “So?” They all chorused. 

   “Was that ever a problem?” Micheal stated. 

    “Come on, don’t pull such on us. You are a genius, so what are you scared of?” Austin said. 

   “Yeah. I can beat everyone in the supreme class math club, but I heard from the principal that a new development was applied when I was away, because of the coming competition. The school director approved a decree to allow all students from the math club of all classes to participate in the test competition. The students have already been informed, so they can’t take it back,” Stanley said, and they all looked at Micheal. 

    “Why would you approve such?” Austin lashed. 

   “Hey! The board were concerned about the competition. In Stanley’s absence, Jessica will have to be the one to represent the school which means we might not win this year and there are few students with excellent grades at math in other classes. I don’t think I have to explain my job to you. I just did what’s best for the school. Holland Hugh have been acing that competition for years. Anyways, why should that be a problem? Aren’t you confident enough? You are a genius,”

   “Yeah. What’s the big deal? You just have to write an exam with more students than usual,” Austin said. 

    “Yeah. But there is a new student in the regular class that is also good at math. I compared our grades, and we both scared 100% in the last math exam. He has also been acing all mock exams,” 

    “Oh…” they all exclaimed. 

   “Is this what they call the fall of a genius?” Austin said, and they all glared at him. 

   “Hey!” Micheal and Steven shouted. 

   “What? Buckle up man. He might be good, but you are the best,” Austin said. 

    “Who is the student in question?” Micheal asked. 

   “Orion Blake. His family run a logistics company,” 

  “Orion? That’s him. The onion guy,” Micheal said. 

   “The one after Lina?” Stanley asked. 

   “What guy? What did I miss? Who is after Lina?” Austin asked. 

   “Lina said he is intelligent. I never expected him to be that good,” Micheal said, and Stanley laid flat on the couch. 

    “Are you that shaken?” Austin asked

   “A little…” Stanley grumbled. 

   “Should I get rid of him?” Steven asked. 
    
   “What?” They all shouted. 

   “Will you do that for me?” Stanley grumbled. 

   “Stanley!” Micheal and Austin shouted. 

   “Should I do it?” Steven asked back. 

   “Steven!” Micheal and Austin shouted again. 

   “I’m just kidding, ok. Just kidding. I believe you are going to do well. You will do well and get rid of him yourself, out of the competition I mean. And if it doesn’t work, I can just take care of him,” Steven said, and winked at him before leaving. 

   “Where are you going?” Micheal asked. 

   “I have prior engagements,” he shouted, shutting the door. 

    “Gosh, that’s so scary,” Austin grumbled. 

  Steven returned almost immediately, and they all looked at him. 

   “I thought you had plans,” Micheal said. 

   “Mr. Kim took care of him,” he said, and went to seat. 

    “Are you really doing this mafia thing? I mean… it’s so scary,” Austin said. 

    “I know. I don’t want to do this either. But it’s just my fate. I will put Mr. Kim in charge soon, so I can leave a normal life like the real anonymous mafia boss,” 

    “You will be like your father?” Stanley remarked. 

   “I should be better than him. I’ll take care of somethings so I won’t have to be like him. I plan on making us run a smooth business,”

   “I hope you succeed. Being a mafia is quite scary most especially when you don’t even want it,” Stanley said. 

   “I know. But this is the scariest,” Austin grumbled staring at him phone, and Stanley collected it from him. 
    
   “What?” Stanley shouted. 

   “What’s it? Let me see,” Michael said, and collected the phone, and Steven hurried to look at it as well. 

   💬*I ran a test, and I’m pregnant. What should I do?* the message from Rae reads. 

   “Justin or Rachel,” Micheal said, and they all looked at him. “What? If it’s a girl, we should name her after her mother, and if it’s a boy, we should name him after his father,” he added, and Steven chuckled. 

    “You are nut! What ads you waiting for,man? Tell her to get rid of it!” Stanley blurted. 

   “Why?” Austin asked. 

   “Are you asking us that? Are you ready to be a father ? Can you be a father?” Micheal teased. 

   “I don’t have to be a father to the child,” Austin said. 

    “What?” They all shouted. 

    “The child is going to have many fathers anyways. A chairman, a mafia boss, and a genus daddy. We can all father the child together,” Austin said, leaving them speechless. 

    “Do you want to keep it?” Stanley asked. 

   “Austin, you accommodate me for so long, but too bad I can’t repay you the same way. So don’t even think of it. The scary men with guns will terrify you,” Steven said. 

    “What are you getting at?” Austin said. 
    
    “Are you an ldiot? It means he won’t accommodate you if your parents throw you out! They are going to disown you for real this time!” Stanley lashed. 

    “Bro, can you live without your parents?” Micheal asked. 

    “I can. The only thing I need from them is their money, and my brother-in-law will give me that. Even if my parents disown me, my brother-in-law won’t!”

    “Do you like her that much?” Stanley asked, and he smiled. 

   “I admit, when I asked Rae to be my wife, I just did that so we can be together, but after I gave her that ring, I made up my mind. I have never liked anyone the way I liked her. It wasn’t just like, bro, I think I’m in love with her. I love her, and I want to spend the rest of my life with her. Rae is just different from the others,” he said, and they all gasped, followed by applauses. 

   “You have made up your mind, but what about Rae? We have just a month for us to graduate, even after high school, there is a bigger life ahead. Will she throw her life away to be a mother? Did she feel the same way as you do?” Stanley asked, and they all nodded in agreement. 

   “If she wanted to get rid of it, she should have just done it. She doesn’t have to tell me,”

    “This is not just about you, man. So you have to be considerate. What about her parents? Will they accept you? I heard her grandfather is quite fearsome,” Stanley said. 

   “We will figure it out. Let me discuss it with Rae first,” 

   “Reply her a message, tell her to keep it. Her response will determine,” Micheal said, and Austin nodded before doing that; almost immediately, Rae replied. 

   “She said if I want to keep it, then there is no objection,” Austin said, delighted. 

    “Wow!” They all exclaimed. 

   “We’ve a wadding ro plan,” Stanley cheered, and they all jubilated. 
**
**
  LOUIS’S HOUSE^^^
^
  Charlotte was with Ms. Bella in the garden planting a new flower when Louis joined them. 

   “Too bad, I won’t be able to watch it grow,” he said, and they both looked at him. 

   “Are you relocating?” Charlotte asked. 

   “I’ll be returning to Germany soon,” he muttered, and she dropped what was with her immediately. 

  He signaled Ms. Bella to excuse them, before he led Charlotte to the gazebo.  

   “Are you really leaving?” 

   “Yes, I’ll be leaving in few days. I have played around enough. My father offered me the executive director position. I was offered the director position for years, but I wanted to keep on performing surgeries so I ran from it. But… I don’t think I can anymore,”

    “So you are returning to Germany. I thought the HQ was here,”

   “No. After my grandfather passing, the hospital divided, and our HQ is in Germany,”

    “Oh…”

   “Will you come with me?” He asked, and she looked at him in shock. She wasn’t expecting such question from him.

  She was confused on what to say, and before she could even utter a word, a message beeped into his phone and he divert his attention to his phone. 

    “Excuse me,” with that, he left. 
**
**
   AT A RESTAURANT ^^^
^
  Paul waited at a restaurant for Louis, he sent him a message an hour ago, and he agreed to meet up. He got there later, and he nib the name to the door. 

   “I’m aware of your feelings for Charlotte,” Paul stated, and Louis looked at him. “I know she was your first love… the kiss at the airport when you were leaving California years ago… I saw it,” 

   “You saw that?” Louis asked, and Paul nodded. “It’s a surprise that you remembered, because I doubt if Charlotte remembered that,” he added. 

   “I knew long before then that you liked Charlotte, because she was my first love too,”

    “What are you getting at?”

   “I have liked Charlotte right before you met her. I was the one who introduced her to you, I met her first, and I didn’t stop loving her since then,”

   “Even after you married Grace ?”
    
   “I admit, I was a c0ward,”

   “Admitting to it makes you a real c0ward! What’s this meeting about? You asked me to keep it from Charlotte when we are here to talk about her!” 

   “I want to make things right, I want to introduce Paulina during the company 100th annual anniversary that will hold in a week,” 

   “Then you should be discussing that with Charlotte, not me!” 

   “I can’t introduce Paulina if she is an illegitimate, it will cause her a lot of setbacks,” 

   “So…”

   “I want you to help me convince Charlotte to marry me,”

    “What? Why should I be the one to do that?”

   “Because she will listen to you,” 

   “Talk to Charlotte yourself. Take me out of your scheming!” with that, he stood up to leave. 

   “I beg you. I really want to make things right this time,” Paul muttered holding Louis’s hand. 
.
TO BE CONTINUED…
.
  Wooooh 🥹

Grande finale loading…
19/11/2025, 18:48 - olympicson: ❣️LOVE IN THE ELITES’ WORLD❣️
       🌏🌏Her new world 🌎 🌏
 📖📖CHAPTER SEVENTY SIX. 7️⃣6️⃣
.
        ❣️❣️A date to prom ❣️❣️
.
               GRANDE-FINALE ‼️

_________________________________
Copyright ©️ 2025 by Suc writes 
.
All rights reserved.
.
No part of story may be copied, plagiarized, reposted, or distributed without the author's permission. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
_________________________________
*
*
Note: THIS CHAPTER IS UNEDITED, SO KINDLY IGNORE ALL GRAMMATICAL ERROR OR TYPOS.
*
  ‼️‼️Ghosts readers stay away ‼️‼️
*
*
 The annual 100th anniversary for first group was successful, and Paul officially introduced Paulina as his daughter leaving everyone in shock. 

 Ava, who was already in New York saw the trending news online, and checked it out. Reading the comments, a lot of people were shocked and posting her picture as the ba$tard, reading everything confused her and she returned to the post. And loo… all her memories flood back in. 

 The phone fell off her hand in shock as she remembered everything. 

   “Ava, I just got news from the chairman’s secretary, they already fixed a date for your surgery, you will be getting your beautiful face back,” Leo said, barging into her room. 

    “Really?” she muttered, trying to comprehend everything she remembered. 

  She has been in New York with Leo and his mother, and she has been living happily with no worries, but remembering everything now made her feel pathetic —she really lost to Paulina. 

   “Ava, is there a problem? Why don’t you seem excited?” Leo asked. 

  “I remember everything now…. Daddy,” she muttered, and Leo’s eyes widened in shock. 

    “What?”

    “All my memories are back,” 

   “Ava… I’m sorry for lying to you,” Leo said, already terrified. 

   “You didn’t lie, my mother was really married to the chairman. You weren’t completely honest, because you only told me things that I could understand,” she said, and Leo looked at her in shock. 

   “Ava, your food is ready! You have to eat if you want your surgery to go smoothly!” Her grandmother shouted from outside. 

   “Ava-…” he shuddered, but she cut him off. 

   “Yes, grandma! I’ll be right there!” with that, she hurried out. 

  Living with Leo and her grandmother have been a priceless blessing ever since she lost her memories. She might have forgotten everything, but she was happy to build new memories with them. And that wouldn’t change even if she remembered everything now. She love her life now, she was happier than being a ba$tard heiress, she lost to Paulina, but she found true happiness with her real family. 
**
**
   HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  Paulina arrived at school, and a lot of students rushed to her at the parking lot. Micheal agreed to meet her in the hallway, they never knew the students had their own plans. She was struggling to find her way when she felt someone pulled her, and dragged her into his car. 

   “Sage,” she called in relief. 

   “You should call Mike, only him can save you from them,”

   “Yeah, he is coming,”

    “I should have known that you were a Stanford,”

   “Sage, I’m sorry for keeping it from you. I didn’t have the confidence to tell anyone,”

   “It’s fine. You don’t have to tell anyone since you aren’t confident enough. I’m just happy for you,” 

   “Thank you, Sage,” she said, and he helped her adjust her hair properly. 

  They heard a knock on the window, and he whined down when he saw Sophia. 

   “Lina, you are here. Are you fine?” Sophia asked. 

    “Yes,”
    
    “The announcement was really a surprise,” Sophia said. 

   The MASS arrived before she could reply, and they both get down from the car. 

   “Lina, sorry I’m late. Are you ok?” Micheal asked, and embraced her. 

    “Yeah, thanks to Sage,”

   “Thank you buddy,” Micheal said, and she left with them. 

    “Sage, can we go to class now?” Sophia asked, holding him. 

    “Yeah, we should,”

    “Sage, I really don’t want to say this because we will write our final exams soon, and all… but I felt it’s right to say it than hold it in,”

    “Say it away,”
    
    “Why are you always worried about Lina? I thought you have moved on from her,”

   “What? You think I worry about Lina because I still have feelings for her?”

   “Isn’t that what it is?!”

   “Sophie, Lina is my friend, and you are my girlfriend now,”

   “That is the picture, but Lina was never your friend! From the start, you have always liked her, and she was even your dream,”

   “But we are together now,”

   “Aren’t you in this relationship because I like you? I knew it from the start, but I expected you to move on later on,”

   “Unbelievable,” he muttered. “All these while, you thought I asked you to be my girl because you like me, not because I feel the same way?”

   “Isn’t that the truth,”
    
    “Sophie, you were my friend, and I rejected your feelings because I didn’t want to hurt you. I loved Lina, and I haven’t moved on from her then, so I rejected you because I know your feelings were sincere, but you are wrong if you think I still have feelings for Lina. I can’t be with you if I still had feelings for you. You might like me first, but that doesn’t mean I can’t feel the same later on. The feelings I have for Lina now are pure platonic, everything ended when I asked you to be my girl,” he said, and her jaw dropped.

   “Sage…”

   “If you are going to be this way, then I think we need a break,” with that, he left. 

    “Sage…” she cried, staring at his retreating back. 
**
**
   AT LOUIS’S HOUSE^^^
^
 Charlotte ran into Louis house after Ms. Bella informed her that he was leaving, he made an effort to convince her into marrying Paul, and she could know that he was making that sacrifice because of Paulina. His feelings for her were sincere, but Paulina is an innocent child that deserves to get her recognition, so she gave in. 

 She barged into his room and met him parking as Ms. Bella claimed, and he turned to look at her in shock. 

   “Charlotte,”

   “You are really leaving? How could you leave without a word? How could you do this to me?” She lashed. 

   “I was going to tell you before I leave, I’m not leaving today,”

    “But Ms. Bella…”
    
    “Yeah. I told her not to come by anymore that I would be leaving, a colleague of mine is moving in. He was also a doctor at the hospital I worked. He had some situation, so I asked him to-…” he was saying, and she burst into tears. “Charlotte,” he called, and embraced her. 

   “I thought you were going to leave again, I thought you were going to leave me again,” she cried. 

   “Charlotte, I’ll leave anyways, but not  just today. I’m moving to a hotel,” 

    “You asked me if I want to come with you the last time,”

   “I got the answer. You are married to Paul, and I understand everything. I was the one who convinced you to accept it. Charlotte, if it will help ease your guilt, I didn’t do everything I did because I wanted you to be with me, the truth was; I saw this all coming. Take care of yourself now, Charlotte. I’m really leaving for real this time,” he said, and tears flowed freely from her face. 

   “You are so mean, you are so mean!” she cried, hitting him. “You left the last time, you stole my first kiss and stole my heart, and now, you want to leave again! You asked me to hit you as much as I want, but how will I do tha if you leave me…” she cried, and he embraced her. 

   “Charlotte, I’m so sorry,”

    “For what? For stealing my first kiss? Or for stealing my heart?” she cried. 

     “For making you cry,” he said, and wiped her tears. 

    “You were also my first, Louis. That kiss… you managed to stole my heart just as you stole my first kiss, and I looked forward to hitting you whenever you return. I looked forward to your return, but you never returned,”

     “What about Paul?” 

    “My feelings for Paul dled the moment he married Grace, when I attempted sulcide, I harbor nothing but hate left for him,”

    “But you named your daughter after him,”

    “That was just a coincidence. I named Paulina after the missing daughter of the granny who rescued me. It was a mere coincidence,”

   “And your marriage to him?”

   “It is already over,”

    “What?”

   “I told Paul that I will only marry him to make Paulina a legitimate child, and afterwards we will annul the marriage. I signed the divorce papers right after the annual anniversary. You are the one-…” she was saying, but Louis cut her off with a kiss. 

   “I love you, Charlotte. Do you know how long I want to use those words and kiss you again?”

    “Louis, let’s leave together. Don’t leave me behind again,” she muttered, and embraced him. 

     “What about Paulina?”
     
     “She will come with us, I’ll take her with her,”

     “Will she agree?”
    
    “Let’s worry about that later “ she muttered, and he placed a soft kiss on her head. 
*
  Charlotte returned to the hotel she and Paulina have been staying after she registered her marriage to Paul. She refused to move in with him, so he bucked the hotel for them. 

   “Mum,” Paulina called when she saw her, and went to embrace her. 

   “Paulina, I have to discuss something with you,” Charlotte said, and Paulina smiled. 

    “I know,” Paulina muttered. 

    “Know what?” 

    “That you are leaving with uncle Louis,”

    “How did you know?”

    “Uncle Louis told me. He came to pick me up from school, and he even drove me here,” 

    “Louis… so you were the one he had a meeting with,”

    “Maybe,” 

    “So…” she shuddered, and Paulina held her hand. 

   “Mum, I’m happy for you. Uncle Louis is a good person, and I can tell that he loves you very much, and he will always put you first. He will never hurt you like dad,”

   “I know. He has always been that way,” Charlotte said, blushing slightly. “I’m glad that you accepted Louis, but he is leaving California,”

  “I know. He said he is going to Germany,”
    
   “Yes. His life based there, so we will have to move to Germany after your exam,”

   “I can’t come with you mum,” 

   “Why?”
    
   “If I leave, dad will be all alone,”

   “Paulina, what about me?”
    
   “Mum, you have uncle Louis. Dad officially announced me as a Stanford, and Ava is gone too. If I leave, he is going to be all alone, and I also don’t to leave my friends,” 

   “Your friends? Mikey?”

   “Mum, you remembered him?”

   “Since the very day you introduced him. His face didn’t change,” 

    “But he isn’t the main reason, dad is. He is all alone right now. Dad might be the chairman of a thriving group, it might seem like he has it all, but he is very lonely. I can’t let him live that way, living in regret for the rest of his life. Dad is a good person, he is just lacking in some ways. I don’t want him to be alone,” 
     
   “What about me, Paulina?  I can’t live without you,”

   “I can’t live without you either,”

   “No, I can’t do this,” Charlotte cried, and embraced her. 

   “Mum, it’s going to be fine. It’s just Germany, it’s not another planet. I’ll always pay you a visit, and you do the same. You deserve to be happy, mum. Live a happy life with uncle Louis, and bore beautiful siblings for me,” 

   “My baby… when did you grow up this much?” Charlotte cried, tightening the hug. 
**
  Charlotte told her father about her decision to leave the country with Louis, and he gave them his blessings, promising to watch over Paulina. 
**
**
  MR. ETHAN HOUSE^^^
^
  Mr. Ethan bought a better house to live in after Charlotte reunited with Paulina. He want Paulina to be able to freely visit him whenever. 

  He was setting the new gun he bought when someone barged inside, and he looked up to see Don. 

   “Boss!”

   “Barging in on me?”
    
   “I’m sorry, boss. I’m in a rush that’s why,”
    
    “What’s so urgent?”
    
    “Why did you have that? Kai told me you purchased a gun,”
    
    “Maybe I should get rid of Kai with the gun first. He has a lousy mouth,”
     
    “Who do you plan to klll with the gun?”

    “Am I supposed to report to you? Your duty is to watch over my granddaughter! Why on earth are you here? Do you want me to klll you first?”

    “Boss, I won’t let you klll anyone with that. You just reunite with miss Paulina, I can’t let you return to prison again,”

    “I just reunite with her, that’s why I want her to be safe. If I have to get rid of everyone to protect Charlotte and my granddaughter, then I’ll proudly return to prison,” 

    “If I dare to ask, what does that mean?”

   “Leo came to me before he left…” he said, and started a long story. 
*
*
 FLASHBACK to before Leo went to New York***
*
  Mr. Ethan met with Leo who has been pestering him to meet up. 

   “You. You ran off to watch over your daughter, so do you think you can boss me now that you are acquitted with the Stanford’s?”

   “I don’t dare, boss. My life is all yours,”

   “Yes. Your life is mine, because you owe me your life so take good care of it. We already finish our business, Leo. So take good care of yourself, and avoid troubles, otherwise… I might come for what you owe me “

    “Thank you, boss. But I have something to tell you, it’s just a mere suspicion but I think we should look into it,”
     
     “What?”
    
     “Mr. Packard personal assistant have been visiting the hospital discreetly to check on Ava, I think Mr. Packard might try to plot an escape out of the detention centre,”

   “I know he will, but I never expected him to act this fast,”

    “I’ll look into it, boss,”

    “If you have time for that, look after your daughter instead. You have been away from her for years, and fortunately she lost her memories so be a good father to her. I’ll ask someone to look into it,”

   “Thank you, boss,”

    “Let this be the last time we meet like this. Remember, I own your life m, so if you disobey me, I might just take it,” 
*
*
 FLASHBACK ENDS***
*
  Mr. Ethan concluded his story, and Don exhaled heavily. 

   “Should I look into it?” Don asked. 

   “No. I already put someone to it. Mr. Packard is escaping today,”

    “What?”

   “Mr. Kim helped me with the information, they have informants in the detention centre. That Packard will escape today, and another person will be kllled so he will be pronounced d£ad,”

    “So what do you plan to do?”

   “I’ll get rid of him myself at the airport. He already prepared fake passports, he is leaving the country,”

   “Boss, you should’ve put those mafias to it,”

   “The new boss is a teenager, he doesn’t want blo0d shield, and Mr. Kim will only receive orders from him. Besides that, I trust no one to handle it. I want to see that man down myself, and proudly return to prison,” 

    “Boss, then I’ll do it,”

    “No, I trust no one,”

   “I know you don’t trust me, but this is my last chance of repentance. I’ll make sure to get rid of Mr. Packard, if anyone will go to prison, then I will gladly take the fall,”

   “Nah… who will look after Paulina when you are in prison?”

   “You should look after her yourself!” He shouted. 

   “Did you just raise your voice?”

   “If anyone will go to prison, that should be me. It was my fault that you went to prison the last time, so let me make it right this time. I don’t want you to be deprived the chance of being a grandfather, as I have deprived you a chance of being a father,”

   “Then do it right this time! This is your last chance to finally repent. If you fail, I’ll klll you first,” Mr. Ethan said, squeezing his shoulder. 

   “My life is all yours, boss!” Don muttered, and took the gun. 

   “Mr. Kim men are on the lookout, they will notify us once he makes a move,” Mr. Packard said, patting Don’a back. 

    “Alright, boss,”

   “You should visit your brother when all these is over,” he said, and Don nodded. 
**
  Don got rid of Mr. Packard at the airport before he could flee, and turned himself in to the police afterwards. Considering the circumstances, Mr. Ethan got a good lawyer to represent him so his sentence can be reduced. 

  Charlotte and Louis left later on, and Paulina promised to pay them a visit during the holiday which was also the time fixed for their grande wedding. 
**
**
    HOLLAND HIGH^^^
^
  The school calendar drew to an end, and the students started their final exams which was the most pressuring moment of their lives. Plans are also on for Rae’s wedding, when they told thier parents about their plan to get married, to their surprise, both parties approved and the wedding was scheduled to after their graduation. Stanley was also able to ace the math test whereas Orion fell short with a single point, leaving Orion amazed. 

    “Stanley, I hope you aren’t offended, but how did you solve that question 51? I thought the answer was b, everyone thought the same,” Orion said. 

   “I came across similar equations in a postgraduate mock exam, so when I failed the question, I requested for the solution before I understood it,” 

   “Wow. I still have a lot to learn,” 

   “That’s why we can never beat him, he has his way around such tricky questions,” Jessica said, walking past them and Stanley couldn’t stop staring at her entreating back. 

   “Stanley, I wish we could work on a team  competition together someday,” Orion said. 

   “Stan, you are indeed good, I give you that,” Paulina said, and bumped knuckles with him. 

   “You also improved a lot,”

    “If that’s meant to make me feel better, I’ll pass. I already told Jessica that I didn’t want to take the test,” she whined, and they both laughed. 

   “Pauli, we should go have lunch,” Orion said. 

   “Nope! I’ll explain some math tricks to you, Paulina has plans,” Stanley said, and dragged Orion away. 

    “Let’s go, girlfriend,” Micheal said approaching her, and she ran into his embrace. “96% isn’t a bad score,” he muttered, and she nodded. 

*Chat Coolval Love Story on ±2348034804818* 

    “I’m famished,” she grumbled, and he smiled. 
**
   Stanley represented the school for the competition and he won as usual. The final exam was coming to an end, and students started securing date for prom night. It was their final night as high school students, and should be a memorable one. Micheal made a new changes for their set, approving all the students of every class to have the event together in the main hall, following Paulina’s request because she wish to have the last night at school with her friends who are in different classes. 

  The guys started proposing to thier desired ladies to be their dates, some got rejected and some were accepted. Sophia and Sage made up when he asked her to be his date, and she promised not to ever get unnecessary jealous again . 
*
  As usual, Jessica rejected all her proposal and the guys started teasing her asking if she will go to prom with her father. 

  She went to the cafeteria, and petals rained down on her the moment she entered, followed by the melody of a beautiful music. She sighed in frustration and looked around wondering who she hasn’t rejected yet when Stanley walked up to her with a bunch of flowers. 

   “Will you be my date to prom?” he asked, and everyone became alerted. 

    “Why shouod I be your date?” she blurted, her lines were different this time, to the others, she bluntly rejected the others and walked past. 

   “Because the night won’t be complete without you by my side. I know I don’t have the rights to propose to you, but here I am,”

   “Since you know that, then you shouldn’t propose!” she blurted, and turned to leave but he dragged her back and kissed her. 

    “I was the one who asked you to be my girl, but you are the one who can call it quit. Have you accepted our breakup?”

    “You are so mean…” she cried, hitting him and everyone gasped. 

    He dragged her into his embrace, and placed a kiss on her head followed by applauses. 

    “Thank you for giving me another chance, I promise to do better this time. I’ll stand up against your father if I have to,” he stated, in determination. 

    “This is your last chance, so you better do well," she said and he kissed her.

Gosh! Two intelligent people shouldn't be together, they should at least contribute their knowledge to the future generations by dating people that are struggling," a student said, and everyone laughed.

I never knew Stanley could be that romantic, Austin grumbled.

I know, right? Michael said.

Steve, this is your chance. You should pick a girl today or it's over! You'll have no date for prom," Austin said.

We can't be together that day, everyone will be with his girl. So you should find one too Michael said.

The girl I like to go with is going with someone else Steven said.

Who's the girl? Why are you a mafia if you can't get rid of your obstacles? Austin said.

Even if the person is my friend? He asked and they both looked at him.

Are you interested in either Lina, Jessica or Rae? Austin inquired.

You guys aren't my only friends.

Then who? Austin nagged.

There comes Lina, Steven pointed, and she joined their table.

Everyone already has a date for prom. Even Jessica got hers, she said and Michael drew a seat for her.

Everyone except Steven, Austin said.

And I! She blurted and they all looked at her.

What does that mean? Michael asked.

Oh, I forgot I have to leave school earlier today. Steven, let's go, Austin said and dragged Steven away.

A message beeped into Paulina's phone later and her face brightened up.

Steven might be the only one without a date. I think Orion is going to ask me to be his date, she said and ran off.

What? What about me? He shouted and everyone divert their attention to him. What? He blurted, and they all looked away.
**
**
Michael went to pick up Paulina from home, he claimed to have somewhere important to take her, and she almost thought he was going to ask her to be his date to prom in a glamour style like the last time.

He pulled over at a hotel, and she looked at him wondering the string he's pulling.

I have never brought anyone here before, you'll be the first and the last, he said and she looked at him.

A hotel?

My mother is here, my biological mother.

What? You want me to meet your mother?

She'll leave the country soon, and I might never be able to see her again. Dad made her sign some papers to legally put me up for adoption to the Russ, so even if my cover get blown in the future, I won't be at loss.

That's impressive.

We should see mom first. Let's go.

Yeah, we should.

Are you ready for this? He asked, and she smiled.

I think you're the one who need to be ready, she said, and he looked away. Put yourself together, mike we are going to meet your mother, she said reassuring him and he nodded.

After meeting his mother, they both went to a beach together to relax discussing his shares in the company.

My mother won't relent even if I have a right now, so my father is going to propose to the Stanfords again to make me have the upper hand before he makes me the chairman.

Propose?

Yes, for the engagement. He plans to reinstate the engagement. You will accept the engagement right? I'm sure your father will approve if you accept it.

Is that your way of proposing? You didn't even ask me to be your date to prom, and now you're proposing to me like this? She lashed.

I was going to ask you to be my date later tonight, I already prepared everything.

Get lost! She blurted and ran off.

Hey! Are you still mad at me? He whined running after her.

She ran around in the beach and started throwing sands and water at him, he ran after her doing the same, until they laid on the sand already exhausted.

We'll get very busy after prom, we might not be able to meet often.

Because of Austin's wedding?

Yes. We have to make it go down in history.

My mom's wedding is right after.

So you are going to Germany?

We're going to Germany. You promised to come with me.

If course, you mean we, he said and she scoffed.

Since we'll get busy later, we should spend as much time as we can together, he said and she looked at him.

Yes we should, she muttered, and he kissed her, and she wrapped her arms around his neck and deepen the kiss.

THE END!! ‼️
